Go ahead and drink the other brands served at your neighborhood cafe if you must but make sure you have a stash of Weaver's Peru Organic Whole Bean at home to serve up to your friends and family who deserve the best coffee.  And when you go back to that corner cafe where people drink average coffee because they don't know better, take along a travel mug filled with Weaver's coffee from home and enjoy a real Cup of Joe.  Er, Weaver's.
Im learning that Latin American and South American coffees have this distinct "coffee" caramelish finish.  As a Peets Coffee fanatics we learned that Weavers roaster was the roaster for Peet's and we are hooked !  I already reviewd the French and Organic blend, but I must say this coffee here is a perfect afternoon drink.Met the weavers team at the Warner Brothers party and they gave me a half a pound of french roast.  Since them we are fans.You wont be dissapointed !
Green Mountain is my favorite brand. Nantucket is my favorite coffee from Green Mountain. Very smooth flavor. Not too strong and not too weak.
My brother bought me a pound of this coffee for Christmas.  He told me that "weaver" was the original roaster for Pete's coffee, he eventually split off and started his own roaster.  Well let me tell you the stuff is delicious!  I've never been married to a brand of coffee, usually would buy the Starbucks 2.5 lb bag at Costco, or whatever looked good at Trader Joes, but Weavers is in a class of it's own.  I'm subscribing to guarantee I can have this stuff delivered to me regularly.  TRY IT!!
I keep Regular bags and Decaf bags in my home at all times.Never have to drink old coffee.  Best way to make iced coffee.
After having to give up coffee years ago due to a medical condition, I tried many different kinds and favors of tea until I stumbled  upon this in a small bakery that had recently opened nearby. I loved it and have been drinking it every morning since over the past couple of years. The sachets are perfect for a larger mug, the paper wrapped are fine for smaller cups or mugs. It's a hearty tea that I find satisfying and delicious.
Looks fresh and clean; I have roasted it in the toaster oven and I also use it in food whole or ground up in the coffee grinder.
BEST coffee I have ever tasted.My wife, neighbors and friends are all CRAZY over Jamaican Me Crazy!!!You must try it!!!
I haven't been able to drink coffee for over 5 years due to gastritis and indigestion with even a few drops of the stuff.  Coffee is my favorite and reaching desperation I gave Puroast a try.  This stuff is a miracle- not only am I symptom-free, it is good coffee.  I am so thankful to be able to have coffee back in my life!
This is an excellent coffee, rich and full of flavor (not watery).  Many decaf's are obviously decaf.  This one tastes great, with a medium body.  The grind is fine, which works great in our drip coffee maker.  It also has a nice aroma and no bitter aftertaste.  It doesn't have the "burnt" flavor that a certain large coffeehouse chain has, which personally I don't care for.  I found it closer to Einsteins house blend, but much better.This is a great quality coffee, highly recommended.  I will be buying more.
I don't drink Hazelnut coffee, but my wife says this is the best she has ever had and asked me to buy more for her.
And a great price from amazon. My wife and I had dinner last night at a very high end restaurant and while everything was magnificent we both thought the coffee wasn't as good as our Yuban. I often wonder about Starbucks whose coffee I find undrinkable. My son says it's an acquired taste.
They have this coffee at where I work... and before this, they had this horrible folgers coffee which HAD to be diluted with sweetner and creamer... I can actually drink this black because it's actually good! It tastes like a coffee that was brewed from a cafe, not just your coffee machine at home. Good stuff.
If you like strong coffee, this is it!  The flavor is exceptional, I have not found better in a can.  This can be expensive and difficult to find at your local store.  I have had great luck with Amazon, good price for the subscription order (you can get a case a couple times a year and still get the reduced rate).  Amazon also has a wonderful return policy!Try Yuban if you love strong coffee and have not found the coffee for you, this may be it!  We have been drinking it for 10+ years now & have had the Original, Organic and Dark Roast---I dont have a preference, they are all excellent.
I love this hot chocolate. In my opinion, it's the best on the market.  It has a nice grown-up flavor of chocolate and coffee.
After a lot of trial and error (with just water!) I figured out how to make these handy self-fill coffee pods NOT leak all over the place. The secret is to shove the filter all the way into the pod and NOT snap the lid over the edge of the filter. Make sure the filter is ALL INSIDE. It's rigid enough and stays upright and fine when you brew. You really need to create a seal with the lid. Leaving the filter hanging out breaks the seal and allows liquid to seep out.
This product is the way to go for making your own favorite blend of coffee and loose leaf tea. I use them for tea and found that I can reuse them for two or three cups.
I love these little DisposaKups! It seems everywhere I go, people have a Keurig. At work, my daughters, and my girl friends all have a Keurig. Except, my favorirte coffee doesn't come in a premade k-cup so with an espresso grind and these DisposaKups I can bring my favorite Keurig coffee any where I go! Have DisposaKups, will travel!
I saw an ad for Runa guayusa in Mother Jones magazine and because it is a Fair Trade item and described as less bitter than tea, I thought I'd give it a try.It is exactly as advertised - no bitterness, just a little hint of sweetness, and a nice gentle flavor.  Very easy drinking, and it does give a kick of caffeine energy.  I have been a Diet Pepsi / Diet Coke drinker for 25 years because I like their tastes and the caffeine (never could do coffee and tea is too bitter), but I have recently converted to being a bicycle commuter for work and needed to ditch the heavy soda drinks.  This guayusa is perfect - as tea bags, it is obviously lighter than hauling around sodas, and it has more caffeine too.  Better for me, too.  And no bitterness like tea or coffee.  And I'm supporting fair trade small farmers in Ecuador instead of giant soda companies.  The packaging is 100% recycled, 70% post-consumer.This guayusa is as good as advertised, I like drinking it, and I can't think of any negatives.  5 stars.  I'm glad I found this product, it is worth the price.
I used to do the subscribe and save with the Timothy's World Kona, but due to the fact that the price on Timothy's jumped so high, I went to Wolfgang Puck Breakfast in Bed.  Pleasantly surprised, and I must say that I like this one much better than the Kona!  It seems much more smoother, but the taste still retains a nice warm mellow-bold flavor.  Great way to start the day!  Oh, and I love the name of this coffee ;)
I love the Wolfganag Puck flavors.  This Vienna blend is very nice.  It is medium roast so it is not too strong.  Has a wonderful flavor without being a flavored coffee.  One of my favorites.
Wolfgang Puck Hawaiian Hazelnut Coffee for Keurig brewer.  Good medium strength coffee with Hazelnut flavor. Full-body, enjoyable anytime of the day. I really like this coffee.
I truly enjoy a good cup of coffee. It does give me a lift in the morning. Wolfgang Puck really knows how to produce a fine cup. Thanks.
This is the smoothest and best tasting Keurig coffee I've tried.  It's not bitter, not too weak, not too strong, just right!
Delicious coffee, good medium blend.  Its hard to find something that isnt too weak or too bold with K-cups, but this flavor was perfect.  Will buy again.
This coffee is surprisingly delicious. We never had a problem with the k-cups bursting; maybe it is a defect on the coffee brewer..? This coffee is a bit less strong than we normally prefer our coffee but it makes up with great taste. Look forward to my mug every morning. Would definitely recommend it and will buy it again.
Good description of this product. Has the over roasted popular coffee flavor, but, not overpowering. One of my favorites so far.
This is my favorite of the flavored coffees. I am not usually a fan of coconut but this coffee is deliciously coconutty-chocolaty! Love it!
The Wolfgang Puck Coffee, Chef's Reseerve Columbian Decaf is fantastic and very delicious.  I definitely recommend this product to anyone who wants a great cup of coffee.
We have tried all of the Hazelnut flavored coffee brands.  This is by far the best.  To bad it isn't an auto ship.
I love this coffee - it's one of my all time favorites - it has the best flavor and I like the light roast.EXCELLENT!!!!
I drink my coffee with a splash of half-and-half.  Other hazelnut k-cups are too bland for me.  I much prefer Wolfgang Puck's excellent rich roast with definite -- but not overpowering -- hazelnut flavor.
This coffee has become one of my daily favorites.  It's not quite as strong as many of the french roasts, but it's also not as bitter.  A good way to start the day.
I'm loving this coffee!! It's smooth and bold but not too bold. It reminds me of starbucks coffee but not as bitter. Very very very good cup of coffee. Give it a try. I'm really glad I did.
Tried this for the first time this week and it is now my favorite coffee --with a hint of flavor (coconut). Full bodied, and no after taste, Jamaica Me Crazy is just what I love for an afternoon pick-me up, or to wake up and have an immediate smile on my face. Seriously -- It's Awesome! Highly Recommended.
For years, I've been completely devoted to Dunkin Donuts brewed at the store and at home.  I tried brewing DD in my K cup and I also bought the Eco Brew and the actual DD k cups.  Awful!  So I was searching high and low for a new coffee.  After trying all the decaf k cups on the market, I finally found and loved Wolfgang Puck decaf coffee k cups.  This is the only place I can find them so I hope Amazon never stops selling them here.  They are mellow, medium roast and I enjoy them every day.  Any other brand is just a back up.  Try them.  I have never had any trouble with any of the cups and I'm on my third order now of 48 cups.  If they had a problem, they've fixed it.This is an update being done on July 7, 2012.  I continue to drink at least two cups of this coffee EVERY day.  It has ruined me for other coffees as I measure every other cup against this incredible Wolfgang Puck Decaf k cup.  Please, please, PLEASE Amazon, make this part of your subscription service.  My head hurts trying to make sure that I always remember to order so as not to ever be out of this wonderful coffee.
This has become our new coffee of choice for the mornings.  It's a good price for a solid cup of organic coffee.  Beans are medium roast and very fragrant.
We appreciate the availability of this coffee from you.  I order and it arrives quickly. I'm getting ready to place another order now! My Dept loves it!
This is a great product to put in your Keurig machine.  I use is with a cup of coffee and make a mocha.
I love Starbucks VIA!!  Nice to have around when you don't want to make a pot of coffee and you don't want to spend $100+ to get a K-cup machine.  There is a slight amount of grit to the coffee from the micro-ground beans mixed in with the instant crystals, however the taste is worth it and not really bothersome.  I wished Starbucks would make more Decaf varieties and more local grocery stores carried it.
This is absolutely the best coffee in America. Anyone who makes the effort to try this coffee will be addicted. I'm a huge proponent of french press coffee, and this stuff is BY FAR the best that way. It's beyond belief in drip as well. Try it and you'll see what I mean
This has got to be one of the Best holiday coffee's available. I am so hooked but now cannot locate it anywhere....If anyone has the chance to try this you will love it, so definatly buy it while you can.
Love this Coffee!  If you like a strong, dark, rich tasting cup of coffee this coffee is for you.  Another plus is that this coffee is easy on the stomach (not too acidic).  I will be coming back to Amazon for more.
This item works  out great!!!Keeps everycup of coffee at your fingertips, and definitely looks good sitting on my unclutterd counter.!!  Quick ship...AAAA+++++
A wonderfully ingenious way to keep all your K-cups in one place without taking up extra counter space! Keeps several different types of my favorite coffee.  I love it!
The coffee was great or is great ,but the bag said not for resale . I'm not sure where the seller got it . The bag was sealed and never opened.Which I was greatfull.
This Gevalia French Roast coffee is fresh tasting and bold!  It's fantastic considering its preground coffee.  I really love it!
When you have to look for some nuts on amazon.com because you can't find them locally, that says loudly how good they are.  I bought a variety pack of four flavors when I visited Hawaii, and the coffee glazed is my favorite.  So I am buying here and got the subscription so I will receive them every six months :)
When I recently started using K-cups, wasn't sure that the quality or the intensity would be up to par.  I wound up trying many of the standard k-cups which for the most part were ok but not great.  The Barista Prima French Roast is well worth trying.  Very intense and flavorful. No more concerns about throwing away my old coffee pot.
Purchased Pu-Erh tea online, after watching Bryce Wilde on the Dr. Oz show. I am such a fan of this tea. I haven't had coffee in 2 months, nor do I miss coffee. There is no stomach upset, no bloating with this tea. I drink 2 large cups after breakfast, and I find that I have no stomach distress at all.It's wonderful hot, and it's excellent as an iced tea, with a shot of Stevia and lemon. It contains caffeine, though there are no "coffee" jitters to speak of. This tea is also known to reduce cholesterol. I am looking forward to my blood test results this November when I see my Dr.
I enjoy the Coffee Master Flavored Coffee,"Jamaican Me Crazy".  It is very tasty and I will reorder when empty.  The "Butter Pecan"flavor is great also, and I will highly recommend both flavors. This is high premium coffee.  You will not be disappointed.  The flavor is just right not overbearing.
This is by far my favorite bold coffee!!  It is rich, bold and holds up well with my flavored creamer!!
Excellent BOLD coffee ... if you're a weak coffee drinker, then this coffee isn't for you ... if you love tasting coffee ... you'll love this blend ...
This is the best ground coffee I've ever tasted from a major coffee brand. It has a bold sharpness to it, that great caffeine "bite". Those of you that appreciate good coffee you know what I mean. It is bold, but low on acid, and it couldn't have been more rightly named-goes down like silk. My new favorite, better stock up before it gets discontinued.(perish the thought!)
This is a good, moderately bold coffee.  Just enough to satisfy that coffee craving.  K-cups are great and I enjoy ordering from Amazon.com as the product is always shipped promptly.
This is a very good coffee.  I can drink it black (which is very rare for me) or with the usual cream and sugar.  It is very hard to find a good coffee that you can just drink black and enjoy it.
I really like this coffee it has a smooth taste to it.  I also like the ability to buy in bulk so that I don't run out so often.
I've used this coffee before and after trying others, I seem to go back to it.  It's just a nice cup of morning coffee and the price for this produch was very good too.
I have tried a wide verity of Green Mountain coffees and this one is the best. Smooth taste but yet not week tasting at all. No bitter or after taste. Just great coffee!
Really good "Organic tea".... im not a tea person(well hot tea anyway) but this tea comes in a lot of new and interesting flavors that changed my attitude on hot tea. still love coffee though
Love the Green Mountain Coffee; tastes great in the Keurig and this is the best price yet!  Would definitely continue to buy!  I usually go through about a box per month and found this to be the most economical purchase!
The price was awesome, the shipping was incredibly fast.  I like this coffee better that most of the K-cup brands.  Just wish they able to be recycled.  But I would buy again from this company.
This is the best coffee for me.  I've tried others, but so far, I haven't found anything bettter. It's not just for breakfaast anymore.
A perfectly blended cup of smooth, rich coffee at a fantastic price.  We've found Green Mountain flavors are always as advertised and recommend to anyone with a single cup brewer.
The price of this has been fluctuating forever on amazon. This listing is the same one that different sellers will use. Some are better than others but the reviews stay with the product regardless of who is selling it at the moment. Until it becomes available as a frustration free 50 count box from amazon this is what we will have to deal with. There is another seller that offers free shipping on the 108 count box every once and a while and its free shipping for everyone not only amazon prime members. when you see it available do not hesitate on getting it. It goes fast because of the free shipping. It is still a little high at about 57 cents per cup but 43 is the lowest I have ever seen.This is our favorite everyday coffee. It is what we call "normal" coffee. It's not mild or bold or flavored its just a great medium body cup of joe.When you register your brewer with Keurig. You will be offered some free coffee. I would suggest you get this as your free coffee. You will also be offered free shipping with that order. So buy a lot of the 5 pack samplers and get the most out of the free shipping.
K-Cups are great if you only drink one cup a day otherwise it could get expensive.  This flavor is good for the basic coffee drinker, no funky flavors added, just basic coffee.
Love the coffee.Don't like the fact that I can buy this cheaper from Amazon than I can right here in Vermont!
Convenient way to buy GOOD coffee. 1 box last me a month and half. What a savings!!Saving on gas too!!
I love the coffee mild but flavorful.  A great way to wake up and great all day.  Keurig is so easy to use, my elderly neighbor love not fiddling with the paper filters in standard coffee makers. Much easier for him
As a stay-at-home mom of 3, two under the age of 4, I love coffee.  And as much as I drink, I prefer the organic coffee.  I was skeptical about this brand, hadn't seen it in stores, but I love it.  I do the subscribe and save option so it is even more of a great deal.  The price is what drew me in at first and I have not been disappointed.  Great coffee
I love coffee, good coffee, and this Maxwellhouse Ultra in the measured pouch is very good,and it is very handy in this pre measured pouchess. I live alone but I brew coffee for myself everyday, but it also comes in handy for when I have guests over, the flavor is rich without bening too rich, I would recomend this to my family and friends in a heart beat . Do not hold back in getting this product just because it says office supply, I got it for my home.  I am very happy with this product. Brava Maxwellhouse. Mary Forman.
Been drinking coffee in resturants too long, forgot what a good cup of coffee was like.I have liked all the Green Mountain Coffee blends.
Newmans own is the best coffee around for the price.  My keurig is breaking me because the cups are so expensive, newmans is as good as any coffee out there and the price is better than the rest.
This is a nice ground coffee and the price is very reasonable.  The grind is finer than what is normal for auto-drip makers, which is good because I can use less so it goes much further, making it even more economical.  I have purchased it on more than one occasion and would definitely buy again.
This is a basic, good green tea.  I use enough for a 4-cup batch, but use only water for 1-cup.  In this way, I can drink a condensed form of it at my work desk all day long.  This keeps me from sneaking into the coffee room and getting my caffeine only from coffee sources.  Not that this is bad (my company gets the best coffee in the world), but all too often there are high-calorie or high-salt snacks lurking in the coffee room, just waiting for you to bounce in there!  Yikes!!  And you always fall for it:  I don't care who you are or how steeled your thoughts are against taking any "free" coffee-room snacks.Getting back to the tea.  This gunpowder green tea tastes great and it is entertaining too.  The "gunpowder" is rolled up little balls of tea leaves, and if you make this in clear glass you can watch them unroll (explode, like gunpowder).  This isn't the highest quality, but the price is right and it tastes good.  Perfect for your average normal day.  For that, I give it 5 stars.
Amazing coffee!  It gives you exactly what you need to get you moving in the morning.. a good jolt of caffeine.  Ever since I bought the Dolce Gusto Coffee machine, this is my coffee of choice, along with the Dolce Gusto Cappuccino.  Two thumbs up!
Just as the title says:  'Heaven!!'  My friend shared the Pocket Coffee she bought in Italy this summer and I immediately checked Amazon for it.  Now it is here -- have shared but it is difficult
Great product! Perfect for coffee lovers because you can make a delicious cup of coffee, tea, or cocoa in about a minute. There are many different flavors of coffee to buy, so you can always have a variety instead of having to make a pot of just one kind of coffee. The tea is awesome, I just wish there were more tea varieties on the market.I use distilled water because the water where I live is hard and I didn't want to deal with the scaling issues that these units will have with tap water. I also wish this particular unit had an option for filling larger "to go" cups. But you can always run the unit twice to fill those.The price was right and shipping was fast and free with my prime membership!You will not regret buying a Keurig!
I have a different Keurig model at home and I absolutely love it. I would always make myself a cup of coffee first thing in in the morning and bring it with me to work.When I saw this model in a store, on sale for $80 I could not resist the temptation to buy one. I have kept this model at my desk for about a year and have zero regrets. Makes the perfect cup of coffee every time, and I get it fresh no matter when I want it.
Taylors of Harrogate Irish Breakfast Tea is a true quality blend of this type.  We have drunk Irish breakfast tea for many years, and this is an excellent blend, especially for a bag (which makes it easier).  Other brands we've tried in stores are weak imitations of the type because they tend to cut the blend with cheaper black tea in order to make a higher profit.  ToH doesn't do that and the rich flavor speaks for itself.  This tea is a definite flavorful replacement for coffee... just add cream or evaporated milk... mmmmmm...Do the math on this 6 box x 50 bag count and compare with what you see in stores.  Especially if Amazon offers free shipping, SNAP it up.
I have found the Stevita brand to be the best with the least after taste because they use a natural process of amino acids to strip the Stevia leaves.  I especially like the toffee flavor which I put in my fake coffee.  It is evidently a popular flavor because it is often out of stock on the various website that sell it.  I don't use caffiene and real coffee has a wickedly bitter after taste.  Stevia has completely replaced sugar in my kitchen.  I use it in everything from cereal to baking.  This is a good price.  I like the Sweet Leaf cream soda, but it is expensive. Their toffee flavor is too strong.I am surprised by the number of reviewers who use artificial sweetners, such as the exotoxic aspartame- NutraSweet (the most poisonous), Sweet N Low (at least the body recognizes it as a chemical so it doesn't pass through the blood brain barrier), Splendia, Sucralose, etc. Now there is a new toxin spewing from the malevolent (yes, what would you call a company who has developed anti-nature terminator seeds?!) Monsanto called Neotame, which is unbelievably being labeled as "organic". Stevia is actually good for you. I try to avoid any product, especially food, that is made in China, although it is nearly impossible to do these days, particularily if you shop at Wal-mart (the great Wal of China).  By the way, aspartame is a terrific ant killer and Sweet n low is rat poison.  I am surprised that they aren't used in chemotherapy.  I reckon these chemicals aren't expensive enough to use in "medicine."
If you have a sensitive tummy and like coffee, but have to take a prilosec every time you want to enjoy it, then this coffee is for you!!! It tastes great, similar to other store bought coffees, yet it doesn't cause your stomach to get mad at you. Give it a go.
I am actually a little bit of a coffee snob, but I found this coffee very nice. It makes a strong cup of coffee with no bitterness. I actually prefer it to standard french roast for its rich and robust flavor. This product is a winner.
I'm not much of a coffee drinker and prefer tea but thought I'd give this a go. I've never been a huge fan of the after taste I get with most coffee and that is where this one surprised me. It didn't have the same bitter after taste I was expecting. I tried it plain and found it bearable (keep in mind my lack of coffee taste) and then with some milk and sugar which I really enjoyed. To make sure I was enjoying the coffee I kept my sugar and milk in check so it was a cup of coffee with milk and sugar and not a cup of milk and sugar with some coffee added. That said the expense of the coffee may keep most none coffee connoisseur away but if you are in the none coffee club but are thinking of crossing over this is worth a try.
I was pleasantly surprised by the taste of this coffee as I wasn't sure what to expect with an "acid reduced" coffee. I generally like to drink a medium roast coffee as dark roast usually gives me an unpleasant after-taste and indigestion. However, with this coffee I didn't experience either. And as far as the taste it seemed like any other premium brand dark roast--this one with pleasing,subtle nutty overtones. Though I don't us sugar in my coffee I did find just a dash of it brought out even more depth of flavor in this coffee. So don't be wary of the "acid reduced" process--it doesn't seem to take anything away from the flavor of the coffee itself. It really is like having your cake and eating it too!
I have never liked French Roast Coffee because the taste was too strong for me. When I made this coffee, I enjoyed my first cup of french roast in a long time. I sat down with my bagel and my coffee and had an enjoyable morning. My stomach didn't get upset and I didn't need an anacid. Yippee. The cost is high though but what I save on anacids makes it more affordable. For those of us with a touchy stomache, this is a great product.
Discovered this coffee at Costco. I had a hard time finding a coffee with lots of flavour. Wonderful coffee but a RESEALABLE BAG would be an improvement.
I am picky about certain things and what I drink is one of them. NOBODY in this area carries the coffee any more.The order was easy, the coffee came before I expected it, everything was perfect! I will order again later. Love It!Hill Bros. Skinny Latte Fat-Free Caramel, 15 oz jars (pack of 3)
I'm on my second box of Newman's Own Organic Special Blend (Extra Bold)and I love it as much now as I did the first cup.It has a smooth, rich, dare I say, bold taste. It is not very acidic and has just the right strength for me. I have triedother coffees like Donut Shop, Green Mountain blends, etc., but this is far and away my favorite. I'm getting ready to order another case.I highly recommend this coffee.
First time purchaser on Timothy's 'White Hot Chocolate'.  I made a cup Saturday morning and liked it alot, however it was a bit watery and kind of sweet.  I then looked into my stash of K-Cups and found an Italian Blend coffee that I also loved but was a 'bit' strong, by itself.  I found an insulated container and set it aside.  I brewed a cup of White Hot Chocolate and poured it into the insulated container.  I then brewed-up a cup of Italian Roast and mixed it in with the White Hot Chocolate...yummy!  Try it; please?
tastes great, good price. i use for iced coffees and  tastes just like the mcchain drive thrus that cost about 3 bucks.recipe: steep 2.5 cups ground espresso coffee in 1 gal tap water at room temp for 8 hours, strain (with towel in sieve) and pour in a gal jug. Makes near a gallon. Large glass of ice, strained coffee, 4 sqirts of hazelnut syrup (using the squirt dispenser to fit Torani's bottles), top w/half n half. yummy. recipe may be doubled.
This is my all time favorite flavored coffee. It doesnt taste artifical like many others.
I am a huge fan of "foo foo" (flavored coffee) and this is by far by favorite.  Lots of flavor.  Not only does it taste wonderful...it makes your room smell really good!  I wish it was still offered as an "automatic send"...please bring it back!!
This is the perfect way to have coffee in the middle of a work day. When working in reatil, one doesn't always have time to take a cofee break. This pocket coffee allows you to just pop it in your mouth and get back to work. Love it!
I ordered this for my step-children to give to their father for Father's Day.  It arrived exactly when it was supposed to, in a plain brown cardboard box so he had no idea what it was when he brought it in from the front steps.It has been a huge hit!  He loves trying the different kinds of coffee each day.While it was a little pricey for the size of the packets received, he has loved everyone of them so it was well worth the cost.
Tried this chocolate because I had heard about chocolate and sea salt. This chocolate is creamier than most dark chocolate. The sea salt is a lovely addition to the chocolate. Will look for their chocolate bar with Coffee!
Can't always find this coffee in my local stores and always buy a bunch when I come across them. For the cost per pound and the final product (its delicious) its the best around!
We tried this when it first came out and hubby loved putting it in his coffee.  Stores discontinued and I was delighted that we could buy it on line.
If you like to drink coffee, you MUST try these! Just delicious and costs SO much less than other varieties of coffee flavoring agents.
I have tried most of the KCup coffees. After about a year I have decided that my fav is Newman's Own. It is a bit more expensive but I find good deals on Amazon. I have a horrible day if I have run out of this coffee and have to settle for something else.
Not much more needs to be said, this is probably my #2 coffee for my parents' Keurig machine.  The Dark Magic is my #1.  I have enough time at my place that I usually make french press, which Keurig can't hold a candle to, but when I'm at my parents' house we all enjoy this one.
I am a non-coffee drinker who orders coffee for the office.  In the past - I haven't gotten too much feedback on which coffess are good/not good, etc -and they all taste the same to me-ick, so I look around for different things I think the guys might like.  Surpriseingly enough-not only did several of the guys tell me they love this stuff-they even asked for more of this flavor.  It must be pretty good!
The coffee is strong and potent and stands up to its promises.That is if you can get it out of he coffee maker.  Half of the cups had broken seals and dripped grounds into the cup.  I saw that on the reviews before I ordered, but I figured it had to be a one time thing and would be fixed by the time I got mine.I was wrong.What I have learned in the past to do when the seal on the K-cup is broke is to wrap a small piece of foil over the top  before putting it in the coffee maker.  The foil puts enough extra pressure on the cup to keep the seal.  No big deal when its one cup out of 100.  But when its half the cups in the order its a bit of a pain.
Marley Coffee is, in my opinion, the BEST! Strong, Bold, Satisfying...tastes clean and free of non-organic contaminants...I LIKE it very much!
I'm not exaggerating when I say that I was a hardcore caffeine addict last semester with microbiology and organic chemistry to study for. I'd say 4-5 cups of coffee/day would be an accurate count - that is until I realized how jittery i'd become after my 3rd or 4th cup. I stopped cold turkey once finals ended and the withdrawal effects were horrible - I could not wake up past noon. I always liked how mio made my water taste better, but I wished it had some kind of stimulant effect...and then, voila! mio energy! i was immediately drawn to it's appetizing color and loved its apple/kiwi taste. It's a lot cheaper than buying a cup of coffee/day and it doesn't go bad. I bought a couple - one for my purse, another for my backpack and even gave one to my sister. It's the perfect energy boost for when a yawn creeps up during the middle of the day. boost of energy without the crash!
I have been looking for a cheaper way to get good chai than continuing to pay several dollars at a coffee shop.Most brands I have tried, including more expensive stuff, either smell funny or have a single spice that is too strong and stands out.  Bigelow's chai doesn't have any harsh standouts, and results in the unique even taste I liked about the expensive coffee shop tea.  On top of being my favorite strictly by taste, it's also one of the cheapest brands on the shelf.Two handy features: - Each bag is inside its own envelope.  It's nice to be able to transport one or two bags without having to touch them directly with dirty hands.  Other brands leave the individal bags naked and have a nice sealed liner in the box, which is really handy if you plan on wandering around with an ENTIRE BOX OF TEA. - Each bag has a dipping string/tab attached to remove the bag from your cup.  It's 2007 and some teabag manufacturers still won't spot us a 2" piece of thread.
Love the great rich taste of Folgers Colombian Coffee, but the kcups and the packaging make it too expensive to continue to purchase. Skip all the expensive graphics and printing costs and just package it in plain kcups and save everyone the big cost and you sell more.
I have tried several of the K-cups and none of them have the taste that Folgers has. They are either too strong, too bitter or just have a funny taste. Not that they all taste bad, just not what I have been looking for. I just want some good old fashion American tasting coffee and this is it. If you want coffee that is comparable to MacDonald coffee this is the closest I have found in the K-cup.
Our adopted Jack Russells have had eating problems related to going from junk food to organic,  We grind this product and the liver "terriyaki" in a coffee grinder and sprinkle it over their pellets to get them started.  Works every time.
My husband and I have enjoyed good coffee for over 25 years.  We're always trying new coffee and our favorite bean has been Sumatra up until now.  We tried Zoka's Colonel Fitzroy a couple month's ago and immediatley decided it was our new favorite.  It's similar to a Sumatra, but has a hint of chocolate unertones.  I love it because I can drink it black.  It has no bitter aftertaste.  Drinking coffee black allows the rich sweetness to resonate and means no calories.  Making it a keeper for sure!
I am also trying out hibiscus tea because I have read that there are clinical trials that show hibiscus lowers blood pressure. I'm not sure how strong hibiscus tea is "supposed" to be, but about 10 petals in a coffee mug works for me. The tea produced is very strong and exceptionally sour which, personally, I love. I would say it's similar in taste to rhubarb which I also love. You can add a sugar or sugar alternative if you want, but I say it tastes great straight.I was expecting this to be a finely chopped powder, but as others have said, these are full petals (see my user added image). You don't really need to buy a tea strainer for this. I use a bombilla sometimes,Stainless Steel Spring Bombilla 1 Count, but really, it isn't necessary. Which is convenient for those of us who get lazy. Put petals in coffee mug, pour in water, microwave for 1:30, voila! Just throw away or eat petals when finished. (They have a nice texture to them after they've steeped for a few minutes).Other notes: the tea produced is a very deep and pretty magenta. If it spills on something white, like for example my shirt, it turns into an indigo stain. Would probably be good for and all-natural tie-dye.From Wikipedia:"A study published in the Journal of Human Hypertension has shown that drinking hibiscus tea can reduce high blood pressure in people with type 2 diabetes. The study results showed the average systolic blood pressure for those drinking hibiscus tea decreased from 134.8 mmHg (17.97 kPa) at the beginning of the study to 112.7 mmHg (15.03 kPa) at the end of the study, one month later.[5] This is consistent with its supposed role as a diuretic."
These are excellent oatmeal cookies. They have wonderful texture and taste. Taste especially well with a cup of coffee after dinner. Superb.
Love my Keurig Coffee Maker for convenience, but hard pressed to find a K-Cup that is strong enough for my first morning cup without a bitter taste.  Tully's Italian does the job.  I drink my coffee black and like a rich coffee taste, Tully's Italian does the job. Shipment arrived promptly in good condition, although the packing box was damaged, torn and crushed.  A book was packed on the bottom without padding and was badly bruised and rumpled, but the coffee came through okay.  I complained to Amazon but never heard back from them with a sorry or offer to replace the book even though I explained it had been purchased for a gift and was now unfit to use as such.  I explained it was a poor job of packaging a soft cover book, since there was no padding or buffer under or around the book and it was jammed into the bottom of the box -- Amazon never responds to complaints about damaged goods.
This coffee is bold...but not too bold...it is my very favorite...If you like a strong coffee that is not bitter...you will enjoy this coffee...
Finally a bold coffee that is bold will good flavor as well. If you like a good strong but smooth coffee this is for you.
I usually drink Tully's French or Kona, but decided to get this since I had seen some really good reviews on it. It seemed like a lot of people were buying it, so I wanted to find out why.It's great! Of course we all have different tastes and taste buds that we're dealing with, so my "Great" coffee may not be someone else's choice. However, it's GREAT!1) I love the taste!2) I love the aroma!3) I love the combination of the taste and aroma!I know that I'll be getting this one again and again.UPDATED 3-4-12 to say that this is my absolute favorite coffee. This is the one I always want to drink when given a choice. I try not to run out of it.
Great product. Great price. I use it as a substitute for white sugar in everything from my coffee to cooking and baking. I use Amazon's Subscribe and Save program for this product. Enjoy.
We love Caribou coffee,plain and simple.  It is my hubby's top 5 coffee's. He loves the Raspberry Chocolate Truffle also.  But Caribou ROCKS!!!
I love Caribou coffee and the convience of the K-cup! So easy and tastyAnd you can't beat the price!
This coffee is just great.  Not overpowering, but still relatively complete, even when brewed as a "large" cup, or even 2X small -- many of the K-cups come out tasting thin when you do this, but not this one!  It's so mellow that some may find it to be lacking in unique personality, and I suppose that being a "medium-bodied" blend, it doesn't shout out anything at the drinker.  Still, this is a very nice, all-around coffee that is great for everyday drinking.
Dark,rich and roasty but never bitter,my favorite coffee ever.Also,they support alot of good things such as fair trade,organic and sustainable farming practices.
A delicious and well stocked way to enjoy your favorite canned illy issimo coffee drink. My order came fast and was flawless and the coffee itself was amazing as is to be expected.
This pod make a really nice cup of coffee and it a FULL 8 ounce size not that wimpy half cup that we suffered through with Senseo - you should consider that when costing out the purchase.  We tried the regular and supreme blends and like them ALL>
I have in the past maybe partaked of some tea every once and awhile. I always just drank Celestial Seasonings Herb Tea, Sleepytime, 20-Count Tea Bags (Pack of 6), and that was that. My boyfriend brought his love of tea into our place and Now its a daily and nightly ritual. Tea is so much more soothing than say a cup of cocoa or coffee. Less heavy, caffeine free, and natural.We found Tension Tamer amoungst Celestial Seasonings multitude of tea flavors. Who doesnt want their tension to be tamed? Its absolutely the tastiest , relaxing, comforting hot beverage ever.It contains eleuthero ginseng,ginger root,chamomile, peppermint, cinnamon, and lemon. Nothing over powers, everything connects and leaves you content as can be. Seriously just smelling it will make you close your eyes and breath easier.
Because we like our coffee strong, we were very pleased to start off our days with these offerings.  I bought them as we were trying out new (to us) bold coffees that are available for our new Keurig Brewer, to see what all of our options were.  My husband and I liked both the Dark Magic and the Double Black Diamond K-cups.  Thank you, Amazon, for making these a choice that we will use again and again.
This is a great decaf K-cup.  It has a nice coffee taste which many decafs do not have.  I mix a Tully's decaf and a Tully's French Roast for a great cup of coffee in the morning.
It is sweet and zero calories and good for you and your coffee. What more could you ask for? The delivery was fast and the price was reasonable. I'm a happy camper :)
Unlike other expresso chocolates, Newman's Own isn't large hunks of chopped up coffee beans, but finely ground expresso powder. Makes it much more pleasant to eat. The quality of Newman's Own chocolate is also very good. I love good chocolate and am so happy I can purchase it at Amazon in 12-packs for a cheaper price than I can get in a store.
My best friend got me into chai, and this is some of the best I've come across. Big Train makes all kinds of flavors, but I've tried several and the raspberry is my personal favorite. The powder makes a flavorful, milky hot drink that's easier on my stomach than coffee, and tastes better than most coffee I've ever had, too!
I finally received my shipment of the Espressivo.  I had tried this and went to order it for myself for use with my Citiz machine and I am really pleased all the way around - both the crema and the flavor are excellent. I plan on trying some of the other flavors down the road but really am enjoying the Espressivo. Ethical Coffee Company has a new customer. besides the shipping taking a little longer than expected I think this is great.
I heard about drinking sage tea on the Dr. Oz show. Though sage is most commonly used in cooking, sage tea has been shown to boost alertness and mood, while decreasing anxiety, I was told.I find it very soothing. I was surprised that I actually like the taste. It's a woodsy taste just very appealing. It always makes me feel good afterward. The tea is caffeine free so I normally drink it in the afternoon or evening as I still need the caffeine coffee provides in the morning.This is a great product and I will most likely order it again.
this coffee drink is great! it will wake you up and tastes delicious-you will want to drink 2 cans.I could only find it in some 7-11's but amazon's price and free shipping are the better deal. ENJOY.I will continue to buy from amazon.
I used to buy Ceylon labeled tea exported from middle eastern countries Ahmad 500g Loose Ceylon Tea, 1.23-Ounce Packet (Pack of 4) for around $12 per kilo, only to later learn about high mountain genuine (lion&sword seal) Ceylon from Sri Lanka.  Being able to buy the real thing on Amazon for $20 per kilo was an amazing find for me, as I brew a Gallon per day using a drip style coffee maker.  Only 1g per cup is needed here, not the typical 2g per cup you may need with cheaper loosely packed leafy Ceylons, so each box can yeild over a hundred 8oz cups of tea - as no leaf rinsing is needed.This is NOT some low quality crushed leaf dust, just a fine packed leaf that requires a paper filter to brew to yield a crystal clear amber tea - don't use a hole steeper - only a fine screen will do.  This is an affordable leaf type especially for ice tea lovers.  This malty neutral pH tea, combines well with fruit, spices, citrus, and even milk.UPDATE:  I'm just about to reorder and wanted to share that drip method ice tea *makers Mr. Coffee TM3-2W 3-Quart Iced Tea Maker like me - can save even more money by using only 1/2g per cup - and you will still get a dark amber full flavor tea.  So for every gallon (16 cups) I brew, I use just 8g of this tea leaf, with 16x yellow 1g Splenda packets, and get perfect lightly sweet sugar free tea every time!  That gets my cost per large 8oz cup of fresh brewed no preservative iced tea down under 10?∩┐╜.  Flavor with a tablespoon of cranberry or grapefruit juice for an extra kick.  This tea the best balance of quality and afford ability.  I have tried other Dilmah teas including; Ran Watte, Uda Watte, Supreme, Earl Grey, and these little blue boxes are the only ones worth reordering.
My wife likes to start her day with a taste of chocolate, so when Amazon's Subscribe & Save program began offering Chocolate Cheerios at a competitive price we placed an order. The first shipment arrived with an added surprise - each box has a Spongebob Squarepants toy inside! Our sons (ages 8 and 7) happily prepare their mother's morning bowl of cereal, knowing each serving gets them one step closer to completing the 8-piece collection.Of course, my wife would eat Chocolate Cheerios with or without the toy. She eats the cereal with 2% milk and a cup of black coffee because, really, you don't need cream or sugar when you're eating a bowl of chocolate cereal.Getting to the basics: the cereal was tightly packaged with no damage; the expiration date extends at least 12 months out, so there's no mad dash to consume six boxes at once; and the price is competitive with the supermarkets we regularly patronize. The added convenience of the cereal arriving at our doorstep rather than hauling it home in shopping bags is a bonus.Personally, I don't touch the stuff. I'm more of a Post Raisin Bran Cereal kind of guy. And, yes, of course, we buy that through Amazon's Subscribe & Save program as well.Rating: Five stars
The coffee is great, of couse.  By having the coffee delivered on a regular basis I've saved $1.53 per can over grocery store pricing.  And, I won't run out of coffee.  That's a good thing!
I've reviewed this product already.  My husband thinks it is great.  I don't use flavors in my coffee, but he does. He loves this product and keeps a supply ready all the time.  The shipping is done VERY quickly and the price is just right.
Since I spotted this coffee on the shelf, it has been love at first sip.  It is a smooth, full-bodied, bold cup of coffee with just the right amount of caramel overtones...not sicky-sweet caramel, but just a delightful cup of coffee with a wonderful aroma and just the right touch of caramel for the mature coffee drinker.  I prefer it black, but for a wonderful relaxing drink for dessert, I sometimes add a bit of sweetener and half and half....HEAVEN!  I have also tried the cinnamon and vanilla, but the caramel is my favorite.
Awesome coffee! The only brand I order. Found it in NYC and thought I'd have to drive back for it. Now I don't!
The coffee has a lovely hint of nuttiness - it's really great!  I got this brand in one of those mixed bag boxes of coffees and was afraid it might be bitter.  I made it for my self and tried it and was surprised at it's smoothness and wonderfully rich taste.  I gave my husband a sip as well and he loved it too.  So we turned around and bought two whole boxes of it!  Goes nice with my large mug!
I bought these as a gift, but was really impressed that the price here included 2 boxes.  The price on Amazon was comparable to  what a local coffee shop was charging for 1 box.
I first tasted this coffee at a conference center. Went back to the kitchen to find the brand name. I ordered the ground coffee first, but it didn't taste the same. Changed coffee makers, started using unbleached filters and filtered water, but it still didn't taste right. Finally ordered the whole beans and everything came together. What an amazingly rich flavor!!!
This is the best coffee on the planet, it truly is.  Super smooth, really nice deep taste.  I gave it to an uncle as a gift and he says its the only coffee he's ever had that actually tastes better without any cream & sugar.  Awesome product, highly recommended.
I love the Vanilla Bistro coffee pods. It has just the right amount of flavoring for me.
I love senseo coffee! I priced these pods everywhere and I got the best deal at Amazon. They shipped earlier than expected and I saved money.
I could not find the coffee in any of the stores that I visit, so was so glad to be able to order it online.
I didn't think I was a Green Mountain Coffee Roasters fan - I usually think their coffee is mediocre, at best - but this is excellent.  I make one cup per "small" Keurig serving - and it's almost an espresso.  I love it, and I am very fussy about coffee.
I love this coffee.  I love my coffee strong and rich tasting and this fits the bill. I will definitely purchase this again.
My cats love this flavor the best of all the Tempation variety's. They all get into their treat positions around the kitchen when it is treat time. Which is after I have put their breakfast out and made my coffee.
This product is amazing!  Caffine is not normally a stimulant for me.  I can drink a pot of coffee and go right to sleep due to a sleep disorder.  I can take 1 tablet and be good to go for approx 6 hours.  No shakiness or jitters, and NO CRASH!  I have tried all kinds of energy products and this is the only one I would recommend.  Give this one a try, you won't be sorry!
These are the only coffee discs I will use with my Tassimo.  They make a consistently smooth and rich cup of coffee.
We have been devoted Yuban drinkers for many years.  Recognizing that taste in coffee is an individual matter, we feel this is simply the best coffee you can buy.  It is a rich, flavorful coffee without the burned taste that often accompanies a dark roast.  It is even superior to most coffee shop beans.  The only other coffee that we have tried that comes close is Jamaican Blue Mountain at $20/pound.
With the price of coffee (as well as everything else) going up, this offer from Amazon at a lower price was great! This was not three jars, but rather was three packages of the product. I have been using Maxwell House instant coffee in jars for some time and I found the packaged product tasted the same as in the jar. For convenience, I just poured each package into one of my Maxwell House jars, which was a matching quantity, so it worked out very well.
As a coffee lover and admitted addict and having tried most coffees commercially available, Eight O'Clock is the best value by far.  I usually buy the beans, grind them, and brew my coffee in an old fashioned, stove top percolator pot (also from Amazon).  The BEST.  This coffee has a full flavor but is never bitter or sour (as Starbucks coffee often is).
The package came in good condition as promised in a timely manner.Now we are enjoying freshly ground coffee every morning.Thank You Amazon.
Nothing comes close to Tim Horton's French Vanilla in my book.  It's perfectly packaged,just add 8 oz of water and sit back and ejoy the smooth, rich, French Vanilla flavor that other coffee shops just cannot duplicate. So glad to know that Amazon is selling this as I often had to either travel to Canada, have someone bring it to me, or find another location in the US to drive to and get a case. Even rented a car in Boston, drove almost 2 hours to Rhode Island and back just to get a case of Timmy's. Also, found some in New York City at a couple of locations.
I recieved one of these bars in my Influenster voxbox and I love it! I warmed it up in the microwave for a few seconds and when I took it out the smell of it was amazing,a little on the nutty side and it was super soft. Went well with my morning coffee. It is a little on the sweet size but the bar itself is rather small. I do plan on purchasing a box of these in the future.
I had bought pre-bottled drinks with chia seeds in them before, but didn't realize I could make them myself! If you soak these in water (or another liquid, we use milk) for about 15 minutes, they become somewhat gelatinous. They add a fantastic texture to any drink, from smoothies to coffee. They are even delicious in hot cocoa. In addition, they are healthy! I was looking for ways to up my fiber intake when I found these. In addition to adding fiber, they add a little protein, too.
I read the reviews before purchasing this item and its true its not as sweet as the company claims. One drop doesn't equal one packet of splendia regardless of which size you buy. It takes two drops to equal one packet even when you use the tiny size bottles.But I don't care!!!! It's awesome. NO CARBS!! I use it in my ice cream maker, in my coffee, cooking etc. I love this product and the price too. Plus, if you go to their Facebook page they have a 30% coupon which I used.
Two level measuring teaspoons makes at least 30 ounces of tea, good strong tea that is highly stimulating.  I don't even miss coffee now!  Using distilled water makes the best tea in my opinion.  I drink the first mug straight and the rest I put soy milk powder in.  GOOD STUFF.  Will continue to buy this tea.
This is my new favorite tea.  It's black as coffee maybe even darker.  It has a very strong flavor.  You will either love it or hate it.  The tea leaves are allowed to decompose or compost a bit.... it is weird but it makes a amazingly powerful tea.  It is supposed to promote weight loss if you want to use it for that reason.
We have been buying this coffee for well over a year now and have been very happy with it. A good french roast. We have tried others from Amazon and they don't compare in quality or flavor. Coffee has gone up some lately but it is still a good value-especially on subscribe n' save.
I was looking for a substitute for my coffee since my Doctor told me I could no longer enjoy my morning cup. I am not a huge fan of Tea, but I do enjoy a glass of Apple Juice. In the mornings now I grab my coffee mug, fill it with my favotite Tree Top apple juice, heat it for 2 minutes in the micorwave, and drop in a bag of this WONDERFUL Mulling Spice. I LOVE the fact that I can have a KICK of flavor and a nice warm beverage. This is the best substitute for my coffee I have ever found.I rather liked the large packaging, this will give me many months of worry free morning routines. The boxes are tucked in the cupboard where my coffee and tea were stored and fit nicely. If you remember this wonderful flavor as a child around Christmas, you must try this product. It has all the right combinations of flavor to make it the perfect addition to anyones morning.
Great quality coffee.  This is some of the best coffee made.  It is smooth and has great flavor.
I love my coffee, I'm a puertorrican that grew up with a coffee factory down the street from my house. I like my coffee string, dark and rich. While I was pregnant I could not have my coffee but when my daughter was born I looked for a decaf that I could get the greatness of coffee but decaf while breast feeding. -no caffeine/to litte caffeine while breast feeding- I tried many decaf nd they all failed. This is the best decaf I have tried, even a decaf espresso at Starbucks does not hold a candle to this decaf. It's bold, rich and it's amazing. I was impressed how the taste is the same as non-decaf espresso. If you love coffee like I do and you have to give it up for some reason this is your coffee. Hope you enjoy it as much as I do :). P.S. I was one of those people that said decaf coffee was blasphemy ;)
This coffee is very good. Not bitter at all. Flavorful without having to make it so strong that it eats through the cup like many coffees today. If you're a fan of whole bean coffee, you'll like this. Price, about $7.50/lb is not too bad.
Wanted a robust coffee without the bitterness and this one is perfect!  Very smooth for a dark roast.  Would definately buy again.  I had a little problem with my order and the Company fixed the problem right away.  Great coffee and great service.
These candies are small which I like since I don't want to scarf down a candy bar that has 300 calories. These candies are about 15 calories each. The flavor is a mix between coffee and cream, which you already know, but the sugar content is not so large as to make you feel the candies are nothing but sugar. You can eat 8 of these candies a day and have no guilt. The hardness of the candies is great because they last awhile and unlike other candies they don't stick to your teeth and torture you for 20 minutes. Geeh, I'm sounding old! But I can't buy the junk from a vending machine at work and enjoy it and most candies are huge in size and calories, so these candies seem to be ideal.
I tried these for the first time in April and WOW was I happy - They're not too sweet and not too overwhelming with the coffee flavor - for my taste they were perfect.  Should I have bought 10 pounds of them?  Probably not.
I'm trying to watch my sugar intake and I love flavored coffees however, I hate that most flavored coffees seem to produce a weaker brew of coffee.  This syrup adds the right flavor and perfect sweetness.  I don't even use creamer!!  I only bought one bottle of this but I plan to buy more and I want to try some of DaVinci Gourmet's other flavors.  I wish Amazon carried all the sugar-free flavors but I'm probably going to have to go to their website if I want to try others.  I have not tried Torani's caramel sugar free syrup and I'd like to - however, I hate to waste my money on an inferior product when this one tastes so great!!  =)  If you like caramel flavoring and are looking for a Splenda sweetened sugar-free syrup, then I highly recommend you try this!!  =)
I learned to love this Louisiana coffee when I was in college at LSU--beginning in 1957.  I have stuck with it through all these years.  An additional advantage is the value.  It still comes as a full pound, and you use only about half as much.  I feel cheated when I try any other type or brand of coffee--including the other Louisiana brands.
My favorite Saturday morning breakfast cafe serves cajun wraps, "ben-yays", and this coffee.  My wife loves it so much I had to break down and get her some for home.  This is a DARK roast and even if you like your coffee strong, they aren't kidding when they say it only takes about 1/2 what you usually use. We use exactly half as much of this coffee as our regular coffee to make the same amount and it's plenty strong.  This is coffee AND chicory, so those who tell you they don't like Chicory coffee, may not have had this particular brand.  It is delicious!  We have made it several ways- french press, hot drip, and cold brew.  Cold brew is our favorite, then french press, and hot drip.  Of course, that is true of every brand of coffee we buy.  (If you haven't tried cold brew, you don't know what you are missing!)  Anyway, if you like strong flavorful coffee without too much bitterness or oil, this is a great one.  If you know you like cajun chicory coffee, then you've found the right brand.  Enjoy!
I've always been a Starbucks coffee drinker--the bolder the better. Sumatra, Komoto Dragon. Then I got my Keurig coffee maker and began to experiment.I've tried most of the available coffees, including Starbucks K-cups and Caribou and even Folgers. I mean, you never know, do you? Then I tried this coffee. The extra bold. And I won't go back.I have a cabinet full of other coffees that I'll offer guests when I entertain. Maybe they want to experiment, too. But for me, this is THE coffee. To think I might never have found it if I hadn't bought my Keurig machine.
this tea is just wonderful! i had purchased it here in town a few years back, but unfortunately can no longer find it anywhere in my area. i was so glad i was able to purchase it thru amazon. i'd like to try more products from this vendor, as their huckleberry tea is a real hit. i'm a coffee drinker & rarely drink tea, so when i do have tea, it has to be a warm, fuzzy memorable experience. this tea has just the right balance of huckleberry flavor, & is a very good, well made product. this tea would make a wonderful gift for the tea aficionado.
The Cappuccino is a close very close 2nd place as my favorite drink from the Dolce Gusto. (The Chococino is my favorite, because, well, it's got chocolate.) The cappuccino is a rich frothy beverage with just the right coffee kick. I also like not having to wait around for it.I was curious about what was in the coffee capsules so I actually cut one open and, yes, that's real coffee, not powered "instant" coffee.One thing to note about the size of the drinks. The Dolce Gusto Cappuccino is an 8.2 oz drink. In Starbucks' world, this is a "short" drink, which is 8 oz., not a "tall" drink, which is 12 oz. Several years ago, Starbucks started selling customers a "tall" drink when they ordered a small drink, instead of the traditional small drink a "short".
my wife and I cannot start our day without having it. its the best coffee specially if you enjoy Italian cappuccino.
When I come down the stairs in the morning, and the kids are "making coffee" I smell the great aroma of the original Maxwell House coffee that I grew up with. When I get to the kitchen, I have a great cup of coffee, with no mess and no waste. The coffee disc's are expensive, but there is no "day old" coffee left sitting in the pot. This coffee is nothing fancy, not too strong, and taste good every time I fix a cup.
This coffee is very smooth.  I enjoy it very much and will continue to purchase.  Good with pecan sandie cookie.
This tea is excellent and my wife's favorite.  Two pearls do great steeping for three minutes, for a coffee cup sized cup of tea.  Arrived quickly and in great shape.  So much easier and more convenient than spending the time and money on gas going to the store.  I highly recommend.
I'm from Upstate New York, and have gone to New Orleans many times since Katrina to assist in their rebuilding.  The person in our group, who cooks for us, introduced us to Community Coffee and it's been love ever since!  It's full-bodied and rich, with chicory, and every time I take a sip, I'm reminded of my favorite US city!  5 stars, all the way!!
It's good, it's wonderful when first opened.  But it's good on a day to day basis, and it's not expensive.  Good coffee great price.
A coworker told me I should try Community Coffee so I purchased a bag at a local supermarket.  The taste of the coffee  in conjunction with our Bunn coffee macihine is outstanding.  I catch the coffeLeon salle here on Amazon and load up on it.
I kicked the coffee habit one year ago by drinking Uncle Lee's White Tea.  It is the first tea that does not cause an allergic reaction and I find it delicious.  I am saddened that my local supermarket has stopped handling this tea.  Thank heavens I can buy it on line.
The price I paid for the Starbucks French Roast 1 pound bag was $2.00 less that I paid at the local grocery store for a 10 ounce bag. I love the deep flavor of this coffee, and will purchase it again form this vendor.
The experience that I had with Blue Horse 100% Kona coffee was excellent. The taste is fabulous and the service from Blue Horse Farm Direct was excellent. I would recomend this coffee and this seller to everyone.
Not oily on the surface like dark roast where the oils are forced out of the beans. This Medium roast has all the oils sealed in the beans to be released along with that Kona aroma when ground. Perfectly done. Tastes like the stuff you get from a Kona coffee shop. I love this stuff, congrats to the grower, I'll be back!
I've been buying espresso pods for a long time through various sellers and at Starbucks (although they rarely have any in stock). It's nice to find so many different pods available from one seller, much less in one package. I'm looking forward to trying them all. Unlike another reviewer here, I consider the price to be more than fair considering what it'd cost you otherwise to try all these coffees. The shipping was very fast too.
I've purchased this assortment three times now and love the quality, quantity, and variety. It's an excellent value and I much prefer brewing pods vs. grounds. The consistency of the pods is so much greater than grounds (especially with low-end consumer grinders and espresso machines) and the speed and convenience make it a no-brainer. Using pods and a sampler pack like this is like trying a different coffee shop every day.
I first tried this k-cup as a sample.  I was hesitant at first because most teas for the Keurig brewer are either bland, weak, or both.  The sample I tried came in a pack of 4 different iced tea flavors from Celestial Seasonings.  They were are suprisingly very good brewed over ice.  But, this one was by far my favorite.  It has a nice blend of "teaness" and lemon-y sweetness.  A pack of equal or splenda really brightens up the flavors.  I was instantly hooked and ordered a big box of this stuff on Amazon right after trying this drink.As others have mentioned, there is one big caveat to this drink.  It is a caloric drink.  So, if you are looking to restrict your caloric intake in terms of sugary beverages, becareful with this k-cup.  There isn't a whole lot of calories (about 1/2 a can of soda's worth), but it's still there and considering how good this drink is, it's hard to just drink 1.  Other than that, I think this is the best non-coffee beverage available on the Keurig brewer.
Unlike my husband, I love the Creme Brulee'k cups.  He hates flavored coffees. I got a Keurig coffeemaker for Christmas and immediately ordered this product having had it before.
Unlike many flavored coffees - this tastes like coffee, plus the flavors of raspberry & chocolate (not just the smell).  Delicious and addicting!
Be prepared for visitors. The decadent aroma of Chocolate Raspberry Truffle imbues your kitchen (or office) as you brew this light roast from Van Houtte. We brewed a couple cups at the office (in a cubicle) and the rich aroma carried through the office air vents, attracting droopy-eyed co-workers in search of chocolate.Delicate for a flavored coffee, this blend made a delicious afternoon treat. And, amazingly, the artificial flavoring doesn't leave a strong chemical aftertaste. The smell of rich chocolate and raspberries lingers after the last sip, giving the impression that a team of chocolatiers just departed. Honestly, Van Houtte Chocolate Raspberry Truffle is heady stuff.We tested and enjoyed Van Houtte Chocolate Raspberry Truffle both on Keurig's small cup (5.25 oz) and small mug (7.25 oz) settings. According to the Van Houtte website, "The 8-oz size makes the ideal cup of coffee, but you can vary the cup size if you want to change the coffee's strength (for example, choose a larger cup size to get a less intense cup of coffee)."If you are concerned about freshness, our box of 24K cups came with an expiration date of July 10, 2011, or more than six months from our purchase date.Rating: Five stars.
Brews a very nice cup of coffee with flavor that is more than subtle, but not overwhelming. We will be getting this again for ourselves as well as for other family members :)
My husband and I enjoy "light" coffee and this is the best light coffee I have had. It doesn't even need to have much sweet added to it. If you are a "light" coffee drinker then this is a good choice to try.
I am happy to find that Amazon carries the Van Houtte k-cups, as the pricing is far better than other resources for k-cups.  This k-cup flavor strikes a nice balance between coffee and the chocolate and raspberry flavors, and you can feel like you're enjoying a nice truffle candy without the calories or guilt.The two box packaging is a plus if you're like me and have a Keurig at home and another at work.  This way, a box can go to work and the other stay home.  NOTE: these are the 24 count boxes, too, not the 12 or 14 that seem to fill the shelves of the local supermarkets, WalMart and department stores!If you're new to the K-cups and want a flavored coffee that delivers the flavor in the title, you can't go wrong with any of the Van Houtte varieties.  The Raspberry Chocolate Truffle and French Vanilla are my favorites, followed by Gloria Jean's Butter Toffee and Mudslide.
I like strong coffee and found that some of the other K Cups were too light tasting.  This is the best one yet.  This is all i drink now.  I like mochas and sweet coffee drinks from Starbucks and Coffee Bean, so that should give you an idea of how my taste is skewed.  I mix this coffee with International Delight "White Chocolate Mocha" creamer and it is the bomb!  Perfect hint of raspberry with the chocolate truffle flavor.  You will not be disappointed.
I absolutely love Gloria Jean's coffees! Every one I have tried has been amazing and I highly recommend any of them.
i think i've tried all teeccino flavors and except for the chai one i pretty much LOVE them all.  the maya caffe doesnt taste like coffee but it has its own charm and it did help me to quit coffee. it has the same color and thickness like dark coffee and it gives the same warming feeling that coffee does. i add a little stevia and a little coconut cream...yum. i think the vanilla nut and chocolate mint and almond amaretto are a tiny bit better. overall its way more dramatic than tea :) and its a great way to start the day without the adrenals-exhausting-coffee-stress. also i prefer to use the  coffee drip machine over the french press. overall highly recommended :)
Excellent powdered milk product. When mixed, it tastes just like non-fat milk. This is a great way to have milk for coffee and tea without buying a container of milk with an expiration date. You can make only what you need when you need it.Perfect to carry in your purse as a powder to add to coffee and tea when out and about. Perfect for a vacation home.
So you may have seen the cheesy commercials for these energy drinks and never thought twice that they may actually work, they do! These energy drinks give you the energy/caffeine boost you are looking for without a crash and without those jittery feelings you may get with other energy products. I like to drink one of these in the afternoon in lieu of coffee to help me get through the work day! The Berry flavor is pleasant as well.
This tea is not the "Cure for all Mankind diseases" as many could be expecting, after three years commercializing this brand and other coca teas from Peru and Bolivia we have received all kinds of reviews, some people love it as an after meal tea, some do it to get away from coffee, some girls use it for menopause symptoms and others for PMS.Several reviews we had can be used as evidence that coca products are good for backache, migraines and headaches.  I have also heard that many customers have consumed it to relieve depression or to reduce anxiety medication. In the other hand, some people do not experience any extra energy and only use it as a healthy herbal tea. It is impossible to expect that a simple tea bag with only one gram of dried - crushed coca leaves can be good for everybody and for everything! I just think is worth trying and see how your body reacts to it.Personally, I have been using this tea since I am a kid for stomachaches and indigestion ( easy to get them when you are a chocolate's addict) and in the last years as ice tea while I workout or mixed with my protein shake for extra energy , it keeps me hydrated and my stomach surely enjoys it. So far I can use my same old Blue Jeans from 8 years ago but it is not all coca tea and coca products are not the miracle factor, I try to keep a healthy diet and I really try to workout at least 4 times at week.Lately, I have added the coca flour to my kids diet in Bolivia, they are 10 years old twins, finicky eaters and their last medical showed them underweight and because coca is full of vitamins, minerals and calcium, I decided to give them some powdered coca every day. They get it in smoothies with yogurt and fruits, pudding, cake, bread, pasta and sauces and God knows all the recipes I have been trying the last weeks .......So far, my girl has shown a big weight improvement and I am hopping my boy can show that kind of progress in a near future.
I bought a 4-pack on a deal. The other reviewers are correct, it tastes and smells delicious. I just bought a percolator, and now its even better. I get compliments on my coffees taste and smell.
This coffee is by far the best. I was using another brand that I really liked, but they stopped making it. I tried many other brands and Eight O'Clock French Vanilla bean coffee is by far the best tasting. Amazon's direct ship is the way to go.
My daughter loves cinnamon coffee cake and this mix is extremely easy to make.  You simply add water and an egg and stir to make the batter.  I usually make the coffee cake and not the muffins.  I was happy to find that Amazon carries it because we live in a rural area and the local grocery stores do not carry this mix.
I was a hardcore coffee drinker for 20 years. Suddenly, I was craving tea.  I tried many different kinds until I tried this tea and have been drinking it ever since. I love it!
This is the second brand of pumpkin spice coffee that I've purchased and it is out of this world.  I feel like I'm having a warm piece of pumpkin pie. It's very rich and smooth and tastes the same cup after cup.
The Bean Company has to be by far the best Pumpkin Spice coffee I have ever tried.. I have tried Gloria Jean's and others. Until now I thought Gloria Jean's was the best. This one tastes so much better.
I have tried many different kinds of coffee beans - including freshly roasted at a coffee shop owned by my family - and there is something special about this blend.  Makes my mouth water just thinking about it!
I was a little reluctant to try this one.  Usually, my cold coffee drinks come with mounds of whipped cream.  However, I like the idea of something I can keep in my fridge and throw into my purse when I hit the road.I must say, from first taste, this was delicious.  The flavor is smooth and there was no discernible aftertaste.  The caffeine kick was good and it kept me going this morning at work.  The pricing is less than my usual coffee drinks and I can definitely see making this my summer go-to coffee!This one is a winner!  I'll be keeping my fridge stocked.BTW - The can says "do not shake".  I have no idea what happens when you shake, though.  :-)  I'll leave it to one of you to experiment with that!
I was very pleasantly surprised by the Issimo Caff&egrave; canned drink.  at 6.8 ounces it's about the right size to drink right out of the can or to split in half to make Ice-blendeds.  I tried it both ways and found the cofee taste to be strong enough for my taste but free of any bitter aftertaste or metal "can tatse" that I sometimes get with Starbucks.  With 10 grams of sugar, it is a little sweet right out of the can but I'm OK with that.  I liked it better mixed with some nonfat milk and unsweetened dark chocolate powder dissolved into hot water and made into a reasdy-made syrup I keep in the fridge.  It whipped up nicely and at a much lower calorie and sugar oad than a Frappuccino.I've been looking for a new canned coffee item to keep in the office and at home for some time since Amazon stopped carrying the Cinnabon Lattes in cans.  This has about the same amount of suagr but 20 or so fewer calories so I'm pleased.  I can see myself skipping trips to Starbucks and/or Coffee bean & tea leaf and saving myself a signficant amount of money!  Hey, I like that!  Give it try.  It's pretty much straight brewed espresso with some usual preservatives and of course the sugar.  No added oils or thickeners or colrings like the Crushed bettles in the strawberry Frappucinos from Starbucks - so what you see is what you get.  What you get is a nice, smooth cold Espresso that you can pound down instead of a nasty red Bull or sip slowly and enjoy the taste. Issimo makes canned Cappuccinos as well.
Excellent flavor and just the right medium-to-dark strength.  I prefer this little can to other bottled coffee drinks.  If you like to have a stash of quality, flavorful coffee in the fridge, this is a very good choice.
I regularly purchase this coffee in orders of "2" - so that I qualify for free shipping.  It can take up to 10 days - but I order early.The coffee itself is not a dark roast.  It's a medium/light roast that gives full flavor without any bitterness for a drip coffee.Fantastic and satisfying.
This coffee is NOT for espresso.  It is made for either a drip machine, stove top, or percolator.  I usually buy my espresso beans from a local roaster and would not use this for espresso.  For coffee, it is excellent.  It has a full body, no bitterness, and great notes of chocolate.
I drink about 5 cups of coffee a day and I have tried several liquid sugars but none better than Kelly's Delight. Gave it a go about 3 months ago and I am sticking with it!
All i can say is whateveryone already knows... No better coffee than folgers, Just wish it was more affordable in my situation, I order on line because I am disabled and do most my shopping needs online, and its hard to get to military base.  I wish...I wish...I wish!!!
This REALLY is great coffee!  It's an instant, (so it's easy to make),and freeze-dried, (superiour instant coffee).  But it TASTES so muchbetter than other freeze-dried coffees I've tried....even 100% Colum-bian bean instant freeze-dried coffees!By mistake, I left a jar out on the counter all night.  I've been told that one must put ALL coffee in the refrigerator, or it will turnrancid.  Well --even without additives or preservatives of any kind -- my jar of Taster's Choice was still good in the morning!It used to come in a glass jar....which I preferred.  However, the newplastic jar has been improved since its introduction, and now is MUCHeasier to open and close!  (Thanks, Nestle....I was almost beginning to toy with the idea of getting a sledge hammer to open the first plasticjar opening you introduced....thank goodness you've changed it!)Now, with an easy-open, easy-close jar, and wonderful, just-right coffeewithin, (not too strong, not too weak)...you can get a perfect cup ofcoffee in an instant -- with Taster's Choice instant!  It sure is MY choice!
I recently bought this item from Amazon, because I have always used Tasters Choice instant coffee, and also always buy it online.  This time the best price (which included free shipping) was with Amazon!
Nice mix of regional coffee  from around the world...fresh..sealed well..taste good..can't complain..I would definitely recommend brown gold to any serious coffee drinker..
Maxwell has always been a great coffee. To put that same flavor in a T-Discs is great. I'm sure I will order more of the Maxwell coffee's.
You get a full (American sized) cup of absolutely delicious coffee. You'll be drooling while brewing! The aroma rivals any of the more expensive versions of coffee that I've sampled. You won't find a better price on any auction or shopping site. This coffee doesn't taste like it costs less than thirty cents a cup. This is the all around package. You will not be disappointed. Enjoy...I am!
I went nearly 40 years never liking or drinking coffee.  My husband gave me this coffee and I've been hooked ever since. I love it hot or cold.  I love it!CON:  Price!
We had this coffee in France and loved it.  So we were happy to find it available in the US.  It's more expensive than American instant coffee, but far better.
I am a Costa Rican and I drink coffee everyday(1 or 2 cups) I find this brand of coffee to be both flavorful and not too expensive. Good for a coffeemaker or the old net filtering thing.
It is the height of luxury and convenience to have fresh coffee beans delivered to my mailbox, and at a lesser price than I can buy them in the store.  We can always have the best coffee, freshly ground, and perfctly brewed.  What's not to like?
With a bit of artificial sweetener and a burst of whipped cream, I feel like I am enjoying a chocolate glazed donut.  A calorie free donut at that!  You can't go wrong with this flavor.  Great as a morning, dessert, or anytime coffee.
I don't know where some of these other reviewers are getting their coffee from, but this is my favorite K Cup and is one of the best tasting cups of coffee I've ever tasted.
I had traded with a member of our Yahoo group for a box of Coffee People Donut Shop Coffee and this one kcup was in it.Without even realizing it, I had put it in my B40 and selected the 9.25 mug size. Now remember I thought it was the C.P.Dounut House XBold.Well when the coffee started filling my cup, All of a sudden this wonderful aroma of chocolate filled the air. I thought WOW!! this is some coffee. Though there is some chocolate flavor, my favorite will still be Van Houtte Chocolate Almond. So after drinking my coffee, I emptied the box hoping there would be another one. Sadly there wasn't. When I went to dispose of the Kcup there still was this wonderful fragrance of chocolate being emitted from this Kcup. The sweet nuance of chocolate is so strong and I hate to throw it away; ( I have the Kcup here with me now). I wish they could make a car freshener like this.So if you are a Chocoholic like me, give this one a try. Now I want to buy a whole box of this one flavor LOL.This would be rated as between a light and medium roast.
I'll admit that it's been a while since I've had real chocolate anything as far as donuts go, so I'm probably not the best person to tell you if this really tastes like a real chocolate glazed donut. I can tell you that it's pretty freaking delicious.I admit that I wasn't expecting much from the chocolate department. I've tried their basic donut house coffee, so I knew that at the very least I'd enjoy the base coffee flavor. While I'll admit that the chocolate flavor isn't nearly as strong as the scent makes it seem like it'd be, you can definitely taste the chocolate here. It's just strong enough to let you know it's there without being too strong. I will warn you, it is not the same flavor as drinking a coffee/expresso beverage with chocolate in it. If you go in here expecting that, you will be disappointed.Other than that, this is something I really can't wait to try again and something I'll absolutely purchase again in the future.
This coffee is excellent. It's a lighter blend so those who prefer chewable coffee may not like it. It has an amazing scent of a chocolate donut. I'm new to the K Cup, but so far, this is one of my favorite flavors.
This is my favorite green tea.  I tried many different kinds when I was cutting back on coffee and this was the best.  It is the perfect blend of green tea flavor and jasmine, not too flowery.  It has a wonderful smell as well.  I enjoyed drinking and smelling this tea as much as I had previously enjoyed my first morning coffee.  Also the tea bag material makes it easier to save and rebrew for a second serving.
I ordered this after reading about the depletion of songbird habitat by coffee growers. This coffee is robust and flavorful, but not bitter. I really like the flavor, which has more depth than my store-bought brand. So, it's delicious and protects our songbirds! How can you beat that? Try it!
This is just how I remember drinking barley tea for the first time in Shinjuku, Japan. This tea tastes just as great and brings back memories for me. It has a toasty nuttiness flavor, similar to dandelion tea but more light and refreshing. Says you can steep in cold water, but I enjoy it by putting one tea bag in my coffee maker and brewing it that way. Makes a wonderful morning coffee replacement. Individual tea bags are larger than normal, each making 1 qt of tea (equivalent to 4 cups or 2 water bottles). I drink lots of healthy tea (moringa, dandelion, green tea, white tea, oolong), and this one of my favorites!I find placing one tea bag into my coffemaker is so convenient for me as it is enough to fill a 10 cup carafe with strong flavor within minutes (not watered down and faster than cold steeping). For any left over hot tea, I let it cool down to room temperature and place it in the fridge for a refreshing drink anytime. My highest recommendation for this tea is using clean, great tasting water as it really makes a difference.I only see one ingredient listed on the box: Barley. Manufactured by House Foods Corp in Tokyo, Japan. Hope this helps.
I recently purchased a Vienna Superautomatica as an inexpensive second espresso maker. The first thing I noticed is that it is Italian made like many of the great espresso machines. The body of the Vienna is "graphite" plastic, and while it does not feel first class, it somehow has a pretty sturdy feel to it. I also like that the footprint is pretty small thus taking up little counter space.I opened the manual, which is not particularly clear, but need not be on account of very simple operation. The Vienna has three buttons--on/off, coffee, and steam. It also has a steamer control knob and a water volume knob.I turned on the machine after filling the coffee and water tanks. The buttons feel Italian--you'll know what I mean if you've owned an Alfa Romeo. They are a bit clunky next to my old Capresso C1000, but they work well (for now).The Vienna takes a couple of minutes to warm up--I don't mind this for reasons I'll reveal in a minute. The coffee spout is adjustable up and down to accommodate a large variety of cups and mugs. Once it's ready, the coffee light stops blinking. I push the button and it begins to grind the coffee. The noise level of the machine is louder than my Capresso, but not too bad. You might wake up the house with it in the morning, but my child stayed asleep. Once the coffee finishes the grind, the Vienna immediately begins making espresso.My first impression was that I saw a lot more steam coming from the coffee than my Capresso. I am hopeful. The coffee also looked a bit thicker than the Capresso. After the Vienna finished I observed the cup: nice crema, plenty hot, and smells like the genuine article. I gave it a taste--wow, step aside Capresso, this espresso is richer, hotter, and a lot closer to coffee bar espresso. Next I took a sip. Ah yes, the cup holds rich chocolatey espresso. If you are sort of a coffee snob, you'll like what you taste. The coffee is much richer than the Capresso, which I attribute to hotter water and fuller extraction.I'm sure that the Vienna will not make good enough espresso for some folks, but to me, it still tastes better than Starbucks. It was more than $100 cheaper than my Capresso and frankly makes better espresso. I cannot yet speak to the durability of the machine, but the Vienna is now my favorite inexpensive espresso maker.
This is my second purchased from you. and second coffee machine. Got one for me and one for my friend.  Had this coffee machine before for !0 years but a guess it was getting old.It was time to buy new. I want the same one had just great coffee from it, and never had to worry about set it up. it is always ready in 30 second. Makes the perfect cup off coffee every time. love it
I love fine cinnamon, and have no patience with second best.  John M.  Macy's Java Cinnamon sticks more than meet my exacting standards!Wonderful cinnamon flavor, just sweet enough, but not too sweet.  Wonderful with your favorite coffee or hot chocolate, but stand on their own as a delicious snack.
Green Mountain Coffee has lots of excellent k-cups to choose from. I find this to be just a tad stronger than Nantucket and just a smidge weaker that Lake and Lodge. All three are great, but this is my fave of the three. I would describe it as a bit stronger flavored than your typical medium roast, but not enough to turn you off if you dislike "bold" flavors.
It took me a while to find this great product. The price on Amazon is a steal! This is unsweetened, so it is bitter. I add it to my morning coffee and is delicious.
This is raw CACAO powder NOT COCOA powder.  This is NOT like Ghirardelli's or Hershey's or Nestle's or Swiss Miss cocoa powder.  This is NOT a direct substitute for those products in cooking or making hot chocolate.  There is no sugar in this product, it is bitter (the way it was meant to be) and it is a different product.This is also made from cacao beans like chocolate but it isn't processed the same way.  This is a simply ground (minimally processed to remove the bean's husk) cacao beans. In fact, unlike cocoa or chocolate this is high in fiber and low in fat (17% of the calories come from fat content).  It is low in calories at 24 calories per tablespoon. It also has ALL the health benefits of chocolate at a much, much higher concentration than even the darkest chocolate because the processing of chocolate/cocoa breaks down the healthy compounds.So, how do people use it?  I mix this product with hot chocolate mix to add a little bite to it.  I also add a level tablespoon to my coffee in the morning to give it a cafe mocha type flavor that I have grown addicted to!  People substitute this for cocoa only when they are either adjusting their expectations or their recipes.
I use this powder in smoothies and in my morning coffee.  Tastes great and raw and organic, reasonably priced as well.
I got a single can of this as a sample from the Amazon Vine program.  I've never been one to drink energy drinks as I have always feared they would be overstimulating, so I don't have a lot of experience with them.  I split the drink with my son, since one can has two servings.  We both knew right away that we liked the taste.  To me it tastes like a delicious fruit punch. I was waiting for a jolt after drinking it, but none came.  I looked on the can and saw that it has less caffeine than a cup of coffee, and I read somewhere that taurine is supposed to regulate blood sugar, so that was a plus.  It's really hard to read the ingredients and supplement facts, and it took me a while to figure out that its name was No Fear.  I am an allergic person, and morning mucus is often a problem for me.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that after drinking it I was spitting up a lot of mucus.  In a little while my bronchials and head were clear, and I felt calm yet alert.  I think the price is kind of high, but I was thinking I might be able to stop buying Mucinex and use this product instead.  Putting it in a can almost forces you to drink 2 servings at once unless you have a good stopper for the can.  A bottle with a screw top would be better.  Nevertheless, I'm giving it 5 five stars because it makes me feel good, and that's what it's all about.
i have tried several different energy drinks,and NO FEAR is by far my favorite! i have never been a coffee drinker, NO FEAR IS my morning coffee! AMAZON is THE PLACE!!!
I made the switch from coffee to tea last year, then the switch from black to green this year, now I'm waffling between this Mojito MInt and the Jasmine tea.  Each have just the right amount of caffeine, and a bright, floral flavor.  Delicious!
Stash Green Chai tea is very tasty, especially when it's mixed with some milk and honey.  Even better, it has the perfect amount of caffeine for me--just enough to wake me up without making me sweaty and jittery like coffee does.The individually-wrapped, foil-packaged tea bags are convenient, even if that much packaging does seem like overkill.  The packaging allows me to take a couple of tea bags with me wherever I go, just in case I get stuck in a boring meeting with no other beverage options except for nasty office coffee or plain hot water. . . Yes, I'm too cheap to go to Starbucks!
I am just 1 week into owning my Kuerig B60 and this was in the sample pack. When I brewed it up, coffee grounds were in the cup and I was hoping this was just one faulty package. It smelled so good and I didn't want to throw it out I strained it twice added my cream and it was really good! This was a keeper and I went back today after church to B3 with my 20% off coupon and purchased a box and promptly had a cup while I was preparing my lunch.  I determined I could buy 3 boxes-18 count each with coupons for $24.28 once I finish this box and the two others (French Roast and Butter Toffee) I bought at the time I purchased my Kuerig. Dark Magic along with French Roast are my morning travel mug brews, and I will usually finish the evening with a smooth Butter Toffee.Update 7/25/12: Dark Magic is the only K Cup I am drinking.Truly a great cup of coffee, I have a 10 oz travel mug on my morning commute and then a 6 oz in the evening either before or after dinner. At either amount and a little cream it taste great, not bitter or weak. Love it!!! New owners definitely want to register your Kuerig and receive the  buy 2 get 2 free k cup offer, I paid $29.68 for 4-(24)count Dark Magic k cups
What a great purchase.  I was originally looking for the ice coffee k-cups but they are ridiculously expensive (I feel).  After reading that their is not much of a difference and I was most concerned of the "watered down" taste so I thought and "extra bold" strength would do the trick, which it did!!!! I will be buying more soon and in a larger quantity now that I know how well it works ;)p
The aroma is exquisite andnthe first sip reminds one of smoky dak coffee your "Granpa" use to brew on the ranch back in 46...it has a mellow yet rich after taste...I was in coffee heaven..but there was something missing..and will keep looking for the perfect blend for my quite times....BUT ..until i DO..THIS Dark Magic blend is my daily choice of caffeine bliss!
This is a very good blend if you like your coffee strong and dark.  It has a very nice flavor that's a bit earthy and smooth.  The aroma is a "wake up" one for sure and it will bring a smile to your face.  You can't go wrong with Green Mountain anyway.
Green Mountain brand flavors Are THE best tasting coffees.The dark roasts are the best tasting strong coffees.I prefer the dark roasts, and my cousin likes a weaker coffee,so one Dark Magic K-cup works for both of us...the first brew is for me, then I open the top of the Keurig, turn the same K-cup around, and brew a second cup for my cousin.
She is a regular coffee drinking and I thought since we own a Keurig we should give this a shot. She loved it!
This is one of the best brews we have ever tried since we bought our Keurig. After trying a dozen different kinds and blends of coffee, plus dark and milk chocolate and different tea, this is at the top of the list. Now we only but our two favorite kinds of coffee from Amazon.
Quick delivery and we really like the bold, rich flavor of Green Mountain Dark Magic. This is the way to order K-Cup coffee.
good cup of coffee. not as good as newmans for my liking, but better that the CP kona blend. and priced right under 50 cents a cup
I have been buying this coffee for quite sometime and love it.  I also like Newman's Own as an alternative, but the prices online are too high.  I've been buying it at Bed Bath & Beyond for a total of 15.98 including tax, for TWO 18 ct. boxes, using my 20% off coupons that come in the mail regularly.  They have just recently increased the price by a dollar.  Even at $17.98 (with coupon) for two boxes, it comes out to about .50/per cup, which is the best price I've found anywhere.
It had a great variety and I am not much of a coffee maker but I have to admit I enjoyed this coffee very much!  I will be ordering again
I don!t have a Keurig coffee myself but i buy Green mountain blends for my daughter in-law and a niece. We all are very satisfied with it. It!s a great cup of coffee. Not too strong, not too weak and the price is right especially when they are on sale.I am very happy with my purchases from AMAZON. Not only coffee, but other items as well.Books, a very large selection, something for everyone. I will only buy the items that come directly from Amazon.The packaging is flawless,the shipping is always on time or earlier. Amazon is a good company to purchase from,I place my trust in them.  Kay Raccuia
I BOUGHT THIS COFFEE FOR MY DAUGHTER. IT IS HER VERY FAVORITE. IT IS THE ONLY COFFEE SHE WILL DRINK.
I hate artificial sweeteners, and I'm not absolutely crazy about Stevia, which has a very strong, sweet taste (different from sugar) but I really wanted to break my mocha habit and cut back on sweets. Two drops of this in skim milk and coffee makes an excellent substitute for my old heaping teaspoon of sweetened cocoa.I'd like to carry this in my purse to change those impulse Starbucks Mochas into Skinny Lattes, but the bottle says to refrigerate "for freshness" after opening, so I'm not sure how perishable it is.
Cafe Escapes Dark Chocolate is my husband's favorite K-Cup.  We go through a box of 16 of them every week!  Often, he does a double shot, for a richer flavored drink.  But I like them just the way they are.Buy them now. Green Mountain has announced a price increase on K-Cups starting on Oct 11th due to the overall industry's increase in coffee prices.  I'm sure other K-Cup companies will follow.
I was recently introduced to Green Mountain's Country Blend.  A friend sent me several flavored K-cups to try, and one of these was in the package. This coffee is hard to explain exactly. All I can say is they hit it on the head with it's name. It reminds me of a diner I ate breakfast at last time I was up in Vermont. The only way I can impart how this tastes and smells to you is to say that it's like Coffee Peoples Donut Shop coffee (my standard), but made with the mineral-rich water of Vermont, so it's VERY full-bodied. Like brewing it with Dasani bottled water, if that makes any sense to you. It's a VERY pleasing cup of coffee, but maybe not for everyone as it's a touch saltier (but not salty).If you don't like it, I'm sure you'll find someone on the K-Cup Exchange at Yahoo Groups who will trade it for something you do like, or will buy it from you at a fair price. It's an AWESOME K-Cup web siteH T T P  [...]
This coffee is not only delicious but convenient too.  It's so easy to use and not messy at all.  I think it's great.
It was so wonderful to see that I could get my loved Maxwell House Coffee to come to my house every two months for less than I could buy it in the store!  Great deal!  Great coffee!  Thanks, Amazon
I like to try different coffees and switch it up a lot from one month to another, and I was on a Gevalia kick.  I fell in love with this particular roast and will buy again...when Gevalia "month" comes back into season for me.
This rice drink is healthy and delicious. A great dairy and soy alternative, this rice drink is great to drink by itself, to use in baking, and to use as a creamer in tea and coffee drinks.
This is great coffee.  I make 8 cups every day and we use extra when we have company.  I have a bag sent to me every month.  It is the best coffee.  I have had many compliments on it. I got a rubbermaid container that has a handle and pours and it holds the whole thing.  I grind the beans every night when I set up my machine and it is very fresh.  We like strong, but not bitter coffee and we drink it black no sugar.  This is rich full bodied but never bitter or acidic tasting.  I have been using it for over a year and I will continue to use it until they no longer sell it.  My in-laws like it so much I am planning to get them a subscription for Christmas.  We used to use Gevalia, but this is far superior and less than half the price. When I first ordered it I was afraid we would not like it because it was so cheap.  It is the cheapest stuff I have ever bought.  I only bought it because a reviewer that was reviewing a different coffee I planned to get recommended this instead.
I like some flavored coffees and teas but must watch my caffiene intake. I have to infuse myself (inserting needles in 4 sites) once a week. I first was introduced to the Cafe Escapes Chai Latte at my hair stylist's. I have a Keurig and never realized this was a tea and that Keurig also carried them until I was on its website. I find they are often out of stock. I found these a bit cheaper here at Amazon and stocked up. Now when I get my hair done once/month and on the morning before I infuse, this is my little indulgence. The flavors and aroma are so calming and relaxing. I even insisted that my sister-in-law who gifted us with a Keurig coffee maker two years ago, try this. I know she likes certain teas and her coffee black. She could not believe it was tea. I sent her home with a box. The only reason I don't drink it more often is due to the empty calories/sugar. I probably should take a star off for that. I am one who does not like a really strong tea or bold coffee so this really pleases my palate. The Cafe Escapes Chai Latte is hands down my favorite.
I love the Chai Latte for an alternative to coffee. But this flavor is either in high demand or it's being discontinued? Hard to order (usually out-of-stock) or can't find at stores. Tastes like what you get at the coffee shops!!! YUM. That's why I ordered the 96 cups. Should last awhile. I hope they keep making this K-cup flavor.
My father is all about blod coffee, especially with the keuring. He drinks about 4 cups a day and before the keuring use to have an espresso maker and make a cup at night. I don't think I've seen a day where he DOESN'T drink coffee lolSo when I heard about the Starbucks K-Cups coming out back in late October early November, I knew this was something I wanted to try. But instead of buying a box for myself, when I saw the flavors I knew I rather buy one for my father instead. Well I was skeptical about it after I brought it home, but low and behold he drank every single cup in a week! Beside this brand and the "Rev" bold coffee, I think this is a winner! My father HATES flavored coffee and so it was all about the good taste of something bold.So if you know someone who drinks only blod coffee and maybe also loves Starbucks, but also has a Keuring, get them this coffee! This could actually be cheaper than going to Starbucks. Also Bed, Bath & Beyond sells the cups. If you've got a 20% off coupon, especially around the holidays and can't afford it on Amazon, try there to maybe test run this flavor.
I have been using this brand, in my six year-old Keurig, for about a year now.I like the flavor, not quite as rich as I like, but for the price, it's fine.There is a bit more sediment at the bottom of the cup, but for the price, it works for me.The main difference I see between these "pod-like" k-cups and the k-cups is a lot more drips after the coffee is brewed. I just wipe under the cup holder and the drip tray a bit more often.I do get these, the 80 count, at Costco for $24.79 a box, coming to 31 cents per cup (compared to Amazon purchase at $33 for 41cents/cup or Amazon subscribe at $33.35, for 39 cents per cup). But if those prices change I would not hesitate to switch to Amazon for my source.
I love my Keurig K-Cup Brewer, but not so much the cost of the K-Cups!  The San Francisco Bay Coffee One Cup for Keurig K-Cup Brewers is the delicious solution!  Initially, I tried the 36 count box French Roast from Amazon to see if I liked the coffee.  I already knew I liked the price which was almost half the cost of the Keurig K-Cups at your local grocery or department store, but I also loved the full-bodied, eye-opening flavor of the coffee!  Then I noticed the 80 count box which is about a third the cost of store-bought K-Cups and thought I was in Heaven! Of course I ordered it, because I just can't pass up a bargain this amazing! This product is definitely a five-star keeper, and I will continue to order it from Amazon!
First time I purchase this Brand, San Francisco Bay Coffee (Decaf French Roast). I bought it thinking they were the original K-cups, and I was so surprised when I opened up the box and saw the presentation, I thought I bought some kind of tea cups by mistake instead of Coffee cups, or it was coffee made for another type of coffee pots, but noooo, they were ecologic and new presentation which I love, and I am very happy with this brand now, I sure will be buying again, very very tasty coffee and nice and friendly presentation, ecologic, excellent Gourmet taste, very happy with it, I love it..!!!!
The San Francisco Bay french roast K-cups are an excellent choice for anyone that likes a full bodied bold coffee taste. These have a different design that any I have seen, having the filter covering the entire "bottom" of the K-cup. The 80 count box is full of smaller packages with a vacuum seal...keeps the coffee fresher. The price is more than reasonable for the quality.
This coffee is my favorite now.  I like dark bolder coffee that stands up to my cream and sugar and this is my new favorite!
My husband and son love this coffee.  Great value....and the free shipping really helps too....Have used other San Fransico products and they are all awesome...
I will continue to buy these; excellent price of around 38 cents a cup if you  use Subscribe and Save and the pods are eco-friendlyBut most of all the flavor is great, as I like my coffee strong, the French Roast is just right - deep and bold.
The coffee is excellent! Having it delivered makes it convienent and the 80 count lasts long enough for two of us for  a month. Willl definitely keep this coming!
OMG this is such great coffee.  Unlike the other K-cups (which are good), these cups make the coffee take exactly as you would get if you went to a coffee shop like Starbucks.  I just finished my last K-cup and will definitely order them again.
I am not a coffee critic, but this is some dang good coffee.  Although I did not get it for the $28.00 others refernce, I did pay $33.00 and feel that is a good buy, at least $12.00 less than Sam's Club for what I feel is better coffee.  I like the little pods, will composts them when I decide to compost.
I was  so excited  to try  these in spite of all the negative reviews that tried to scare me away -  maybe some folks were confused  by the title  however  please note **these are not K Cups -  they  are One cup  made to  work  with  our  beloved Keurig K-Cup Brewers.Thank  goodness -  for any of you  who have  had to deal with  that  puff of  air sending  the K Cups  coffee  grounds up inside the  Kuerig needle  which after  only one use can  clog  the needle. I thought I was  going crazy going through the process of returning  my Kuerig  which was still full of water back to either  Amazon or in my case Costco - because I  thought it was just a lemon -  yeah,  did that 4 times -The beauty of these little One Cup filters is that  they are  not vacuum sealed -I  keep mine in a  large  glass, clamp lidded jar.....The freshness  is  a divine improvement -  and  less waste  in the landfill ...every little bit helps... So far, no bitter taste and I am loving  these...
This is a great coffee. Dark and smoky without being bitter. Combine great taste with a great price and you really have a winner!  The decaf is really good too!
I really like these French Roast k-cups.  I was concerned having read other reviews and ordered the Fog Lifter first (which I like as well but it is not as strong).  I ordered 80 k-cups which is a great value.  I have no issues with the "cupless" k-cup. I also do not find the flavor "burnt" or "bitter" which I read in other reviews.  I find it to be a full bodied bold coffee.  It works great in my Keurig and the coffee strength is perfect.  Flavor is robust and I look forward to having a cup.  I would recommend this coffee to others who enjoy the French Roast bold coffees.
I work from home and drink aobut 5-6 cups off K-Cup coffee a day. This is good tasting coffee and the lowest price K-Cup on the market!
At first I wasn't sure but I figured, at the price i'd give it a try.I was pleasantly surprised at the flavor and quality of this coffee.The K-Cup design is somewhat different and you will need to storethe coffee in a zip lock bag after opening the bag containing thecoffee. Other than that, it's quality coffee at a very nice price.We are talking $0.41 each rather than $0.50+ each.You can't beat it!I'm now buying the 80 count and enjoying it even more asthe price is now $0.35 each.Try it...you'll like it!
I love this coffee! This is coming from someone that loves a good cup of coffee and I love this one. We love the dark coffees in the kcups with this one is comparable and a great price. I'm not sure what residue people are talking about- there's nothing to complain about for sure. And the fact that this is a filter and not a giant plastic cup... Awesome! I wish the coffee snobs and the wine snobs would just taste and enjoy their drinks! This coffee deserves 5 stars- 5 for flavor, 5 for cost, and 5 for saving plastic!
SF Bay Coffee One Cup is a great option. I felt the coffee was stronger, or less watery, than most k-cups, and the price is a big savings.  It comes with 12 in one sealed bag, so I rolled the bag up tightly between uses and used them up within a few days. Not a good choice if you want lots of variety.
A strong brew with an unmistakably rich coffee aroma.Ecologically friendly eliminating plastic in the cup itself.Fine addition to k cup selection and wish more coffee distributors would follow suit in their production methods.Good value as well.
When you open the sealed inner bag and this amazing aroma of coffee grabs you and you just can't wait to brew a cup and try it.  This coffee definitely had me at hello... and I knew it was a keeper when I served to guests and they exclaimed that it was the best cup of coffee that they have ever had. I just wish that it was available on subscribe and save like the other San Francisco Bay coffees.  I also really like the environmentally friendly pod.  I think the new packaging works even better than the all plastic cups.***Modified February 2012Yeah!  This coffee is now available on subscribe and save!
If you like bold coffee, Fog chaser and French roast is for you. It has a filter only. No plastic shell. That leaves more richness in the coffee and no plastic taste.
Really, really good coffee!  A bold flavor with that touch of nuttiness that I prefer.  We compost and was hoping for something totally compostable that could simply be thrown in the bin. This is much preferable to the old K-cups but still the plastic top remains for the trash.  I see no reason why a fully compostable product could not be developed.
great bargain  great coffee  all that I needed in a very easy to use pod.(smaller than a k-cup, sameamount of coffee)
Got these for my husband who loves a bold coffee flavor, he said they were terrific and he really enjoyed them, the pods look a little strange but they work perfect.
I am a rather late comer to the K-cup world. I have always loved my the flavorful and bold 'one cup at a time' coffee faithfully brewed by my cherished Gaggia 90501 Titanium SS Super Automatic Espresso and Cappuccino Machine, Stainless Steel. After six years of faithful service my Gaggia developed an issue requiring it to be sent off for repair, so I purchased a Breville BKC700XL Gourmet Single-Serve Coffeemaker with Iced-Beverage Function. The Breville is intended to be an interim coffee maker while my beloved Italian Gaggia is sent off for repairs (a 3 month endeavor).I don't think of myself as a coffee snob, but I will admit to being particular about the coffee I drink. I was now faced with the challenge of finding some of my favorite coffees in the new to me K-Cup containers. As I came to the realization that my old favorite beans were not readily available in this medium I turned to Amazon buyer ratings as my guide in this java quest. I placed orders for both Emeril's Big Easy Bold 48 K-Cups and San Francisco Bay Coffee One Cup for Keurig K-Cup Brewers, Breakfast Blend, 80-Count as a starting point. The SFB Breakfast Blend arrived first. I read all about the Rogers SF Bay family coffee business philosophy and their social give back and thought it was pretty cool. I then looked at their K-cups (OneCups) and thought to myself, "is that how these things are supposed to look?" Their OneCups take a more Eco-friendly construction approach so that you see a rounded filter bottom rather than the standard shaped plastic cup bottom. It all seemed interesting, but how would it taste? I thought the Breakfast Blend was really a lovely cup of coffee. The smooth medium-dark roast Central and South American beans are very tasty indeed! I would venture to say that it is on par with any of the very best medium-dark roast coffees available. I would never turn my nose up at it, that is certain. However my personal pallet preference is for something a bit more dark and bold. Three days later I received the Emeril's Big Easy Bold order and immediately tried it. It certainly delivered on all aspects of a robust dark roast with full flavor. It is a bold, dark, classic Parisian roast, in your face brew, just the way I like it. However I find it to have an ever so slight unpleasant aftertaste and a not too far away from, but not quite there bitter finish. Again this is just according to my palette, you may not think so. All in all it is a very good coffee.The SFB Fog Chaser arrived and I couldn't wait to try it out. I cut the seal on bag and was hit with the scent of a strong dark roast. I placed the now familiar OneCup container in the machine and hit brew. Immediately the aromas hit my nose and let me know that I was in for a treat. Fog Chaser is a strong full bodied French Roast with an extremely smooth finish. It is certainly bolder than Breakfast Blend, but is not as bold as Emeril's Big Easy Bold. The taste is full, smooth and well rounded without any unpleasant bitterness or aftertaste at all. I wouldn't have minded if the yield had been slightly stronger though. My next order will be San Francisco Bay Coffee One Cup for Keurig K-Cup Brewers, French Roast, 36-Count to see how it compares to these three. Until that time, I give SFB Fog Chaser two big thumbs up!! It is currently at the top of my K-cup coffee taste experience.
The subscribe & save service is good, product was delivered as required and actually did save me money! The coffee is great and has a good full bodied taste, just what I need to wake me in the mornings.
I had been purchasing Coffee People Jet Fuel Dark Roast K-Cup from Amazon. I was pleased with the taste of the brew. The price of the product was moderate, which appealed to my senior income. One day my sister told me about the San Francisco Bay K-Cups which she had just purchased from Amazon.  She indicated that the medium blend of coffee she ordered was very good and suggested that I try it. I prefer dark roast so I ordered the Fog Chaser One Cup.  I am thoroughly pleased with the coffee and economically it suits my budget.  I highly recommend it.
I am a coffee lover. Drink it all the time, prefer dark roasts with full flavor and typically drink it black unless i crave a drop of honey. I used to buy the very expensive dark roast K-cups but i saw these on sale and decided to try them based on the good reviews. First, the cup itself is awesome.  Far less plastic than 'regular' K-cups, so there's less waste. The flavor is awesome-- dark brew but no bitterness or sourness.  Nice bite, clean aftertaste.  This, in my opinion, tastes more like my local coffee house brew than any other K-cup on the market.  and Amazon has great prices on these, especially with subscribe & save.
I am one of those guys that dont like the rising price of k cups. This works great and makes a pretty goodcup of coffee. It is very easy to clean up.. just throw away. At the current price of 16.99 it is about .47per cup or .40 with subscribe and safe. I also like saving money using the EKOBREW the refillable k cup filter, when you use that you can put in your own grinds and it costs about .25 for starbucks. This is a little easier when you are finished though and is a Good Value.
I was a bit leary when I ordered this, as it wasn't the traditional K-cup but no need to worry.  It worked just fine.  Only problem is, they don't fit in my K-cup carousel all that well and tend to fall out if I turn it too fast.  Beyond that, the coffee tastes just fine and I LOVE the aroma in the kitchen.  Since they have a kind of mesh/fabric back, the aroma of the coffee comes through.  I HAD to have a cup as soon as they arrived just 'cauze it smelled so good!
First time user and found this coffee is very good.  Not too acidy or overly strong.  Good stuff!  I would order again and definately recommend this to others
This is one that truly seems to depend on your taste in coffee.  I served it to five people at the office because I personally love it.  Two of them said they couldn't finish the cup, while the other three thought it was the best they've had. I personally like the more traditional taste of brewed coffee that this product produces.  The plastic k-cups always seemed to have an awkward taste to them, almost as if I wasn't really drinking coffee.  I do get a small amount of sediment in the bottom of the cup, but also don't mind that.  Since it does turn the inside of my white cup pretty black, I suppose I should also start thinking about what it's doing to my teeth and my insides, but the flavor seems to make it all worthwhile anyhow.  At the office it was clearly a love it or hate it type reaction - this from four people who usually choose a bold coffee and one who always drinks light (but happened to love this).
I am so glad I read the reviews on this coffee product.  The cups fit the Keurig very well and make a tasty cup of coffee!  I like the fact that there is no plastic base to it (less plastic in the trash).  I will buy it again and again.  My favorite coffee thus far.  I have subscribed to this so it will be shipped automatically every month.
A perfect blend, and a good bargain.  The coffee "pod" cups fit perfectly in the Keurig.  I bought this coffee for my husband who is a fussy coffee drinker.  He loves it!
Great coffee flavor.  Great price!  Like this method.  Use coffee canister to store once open package.  I use the subscription for an even better price.
Fog Chaser is the tastiest full bodied coffee I have had from my Kerig maker. I love this coffee! My husband calls it my "Foggy day" coffee. It truly chases the fog away!
This coffee is very rich and fresh .  The only downside of this product is that when you brew it you should have a wide brimmed cup under it, because it comes out of the pot, in an uneven stream and goes all over.  Other wise its delicious.
This is the best coffee I've had since my Mom's percolator brand.  The best part though is the cup can be re-used. I have a K-cap My-Kap Green Reusable 3 Piece Cap Set for K-Cups and I just clean out the cup and refill with whatever coffee I choose.  It's really the perfect design for re-use as the grounds dry out completely overnight and dump out very easily. I'm buying the whole bean San Francisco coffee to grind and refill the cup. The possibilities are endless!
This sandwich cookie is crisp, not too sweet and delicious with a cup of coffee or tea.  Really satisfies the craving for something to dip into your coffee.
I am on a gluten free diet and enjoy the ginger snaps as a snack.  My cookie jar is often empty as my husband loves to eat them too. We have bought them at major grocery and health food stores. It is wonderful to have fresh ones delivered.  The next order is for 2 boxes a month but then one box a month until winter.  I must try them in cooking:  sauerbraten or pie filling.  They are very tasty and great with tea or coffee.  I receive the MI-Del Ginger Snaps from Amazon.
I'm a chocoholic and have tried every mocha, swiss almond chocolate, etc. coffee I've ever seen, k-cup and not k-cup.  This is the best.  It may actually be better than German chocolate cake--it's like a no-cal, fat-free dessert.  My favorite way to drink it right now is to throw in a packet of Splenda and a little bit of Organic Valley chocolate soy milk, though it's good without sweetener or creamer.  It's chocolaty, with a hint of coconut.  I highly recommend for anyone who likes coffee (it's not a weak coffee, like most of the flavored kcups I've tried).  Also, Amazon's price for Timothy's is the best I can find, subscribe and save price comes out to around $0.37 a cup.  Enjoy!!
I love this coffee better than all others. It's pricy but you can't find it anywhere else so for me it's worth the price.
I would give it six or seven stars here if they allowed it.  You get what you pay for, my friends, and this is the MOST HEAVENLY thing on earth to drink--tastewise and healthwise.  However, I will tell you that we use 1/2 Teaspoon in a 1 pint bottle of Lipton ICED green tea.  See my review of Lipton Green Tea, Mandarin Orange, Premium Pyramid Tea Bags, 20-Count Boxes (Pack of 6) for the recipe.  I make a pot every morning and have completely replaced the morning coffee ritual with green tea.  It gives you the right lift and does not let you down at 11 am.  We still have 3 pm Senseo Douwe Egberts Colombia Blend Coffee Pods, 16-Count Packages (Pack of 4) on days when we exercise, but we've broken our addiction to coffee with cream now.It has the most EGCG and mixed catacholamine antioxidants of any green tea product you can imagine.  There is a small insert with the packaging that details the contents for you and also contains the recipe for a Green Tea Frappachino that looks just great.We tried to "do it on the cheap" with Vita Life Matcha (Green Tea Powder) - 10.58 Oz Twin Pack - 2x10.58 Oz but it has an aftertaste that I don't really like.  The Do Matcha is the real article, and it's organic as well.  It's so concentrated that it's actually economical.  You will save $4.00 every time you make your own Starbuck's Green Tea Frappachino.  If you want to know what this tastes like go try one of those which are fantastic but contain a lot of calories and fat:  our iced tea with Do Match is much healthier and every bit as delicious.
Imported from Istanbul, Turkey, Koska halva is absolutely the best and completely outdoes the competition. Personally I prefer the pistachio or chocolate varities to the plain, but all three taste wonderful. The plastic containers keep it nice and fresh. A word to the wise: this Middle Eastern treat is so outrageously good that it is hard to stop eating it. Cut yourself a quarter-inch thick slice and then put the container away immediately, otherwise you will yield to the temptation of cutting more and more slices. Also, try to control yourself and eat it once a day. Needless to say, halva goes great with strong Turkish coffee and the two together will give you quite a burst of energy. The only way you could do better than Koska is to get real homemade halva which not easily available. Enjoy!
........so I decided to try the Whole Bean Dark Roast this time and this is one of the better coffees I've ever tasted. Expiration isn't until May of this year. My last experience was the CC Hotel Blend and that was a disaster. Expiration on that was 1 month after I ordered it.  Anyway, this coffee is strong and smooth. When you can taste the smell of coffee beans, then you know you have great coffee. I got it here at a great price too. May purchase if it goes on sale again.
I am addicted....this coffee is great.We are on subscribe and save and go through about 4-6 boxes a month.Everyone in my home enjoys this flavor and thus there is no need for another.Its a medium bodied coffee and the flavor is perfect.I dont know what else I could say about it...but the price at Amazon is perfect and subscribe and save gets you some additional savings.Try it out...you wont be disappointed!
I enjoy trying different kinds of k-cups, so this variety pack was perfect for me.  Not only were the coffees great, I also enjoyed trying the teas.  The lemon drink though, I'll save for adventurous guests.
We're seniors now & have had Carnation Instant breakfastin our home for at least fourty yers.  We enjoy it as muchtoday as we always have.  We're ordinarily not real big ona sit down breakfast & so we appreciate having the nourishmentof a sit down morning meal sort of "on the go". It's a greatbenifit to find it at such a good price on Amazon AND haveit delivered to our home on a regular basis.Years ago Carnation used to make a coffee flavored InstantBreakfast srink & it was killer good!  Seems like as manyvaried coffee products selling so well these days they wouldbring it back.  We'd love that, & so might you.  :)
Since I reached my late 20's I started getting increasinglyworse hangovers. Even after only a few drinks.This is a major bummer because I like to kick back on theweekends and have a few cocktails or beers. And occasionallyduring the week I'll have a glass of wine. And on very rareoccasions I'll throw down a few shots and just flat out rage.I expect to get a hangover when I rage. But not when Ihave just a few drinks. It's a total bummer.That's why I was pretty excited to try Pre-Game.And after trying it, I have to say, the product works. I pop oneof these before I start drinking and the next morning I don'thave a hangover. I'm able to get out of bed and go aboutmy day feeling good.The little energy kick it provides is an added bonus beforeyou head out for the night and in the morning when I needa little pick me up and I don't want to drink a big coffee.
I love this coffee. Grew up drinking it in Hawaii and I'm so happy to be able to get it on the mainland.
Timothy's French Roast, along with Emeril's Big Easy Bold, are my overall favorite K-cup varieties.  I love bold coffee, and I buy these two over and over.  I also find that the Amazon price is the best out there, especially with the free shipping.
This coffee is rich and delicious. I do not live near a Starbucks store but drink alot of their coffee when I visit my daughters and this coffee easily compares with their best.
This is our favorite k-cup. This blend is full-bodied with a hint of sweetness. We like bold, but not bitter, coffee. Our brewer only allows for one size.
This very crispy sugar wafer is perfect with ice cream, or with coffee or tea.  It's got a lovely burnt marshmallow flavor.  I really like these- they seem to harmonize with anything.  I'm allergic to GMo cornstarch, so it is hard for me to find cookies I can eat.  This one is lovely, and it's safe for me to eat.
I have tried all the Coffee People flavors (Jet Fuel, Tiger, Wake up Call,) as well as most of the Green Mountain flavors. I have found that the Sumatra by SB is the best tasting one of them all. It makes me happy to get out of bed and have my Sumatra coffee. When you brew this coffee, it has a "head" on it when it comes out of the Keurig spout, it is just like the smell at the SB store, and also has that very fresh taste. I have found that most of the KCups are either crazy weak, or just too acidic for my taste...I swear, thank goodness SB finally got in the KCup game. No, I do not work for SB.
I prefer my coffee strong, and I usually get the chef's reserve made by the same brand.  I wanted to try something different.  I use a Bunn machine, so the option is there to allow for how much water (I choose the least amount) and there is a button to push to make it stronger which I also have to push so that this is not too weak for me.  It has good flavor, but I think in the future I will purchase the chef's reserve which is stronger.  I especially like that the pod covers are biodegradable.  Nice touch, fabulous price.
I had minimal expectations for this tea. I've had low energy for months and have resorted to drinking ridiculous amounts of coffee. Not only have I felt jittery afterward, but I found myself downing more and more caffeine to achieve even a bit of a jolt. I tried two cups of this tea earlier tonight and am a little shocked by how good I feel. No jitters or anxiety - just lots of energy. Plus it tastes good. Highly recommended, especially for the price.
I enjoy this item very much. If you're not a true "tea consumer" try the green tea with white tea. The taste is mild and a tad sweet. My only gripe is the price. I purchased this product at my local herbal food store paying a mere $3.29 compared to the whopping $15.00 listed here. Great substitute for coffee drinkers, which I am :), who desire less crash and more sass throughout the day. Caution: Not ideal for those who suffer from insomnia or other sleep related disorders, however, moderation is key so this product can still be enjoyed by all.
We really love our Keurig, and the best place to buy the k-cups are at Amazon. I have purchased the tea, cocoa and the coffee. This is the best price and fastest shipping. The green tea is the only type my husband will drink and Amazon sells the best flavor.
This is a great coffee at a great price.  We love it.  Be careful to keep it in an airtight container so it doesn't lose flavor.
This is the best coffee I've ever had and the price was right.  I will buy some more of this.San Francisco Bay Coffee One Cup, Rainforest Blend, 36-Count
I wasn't quite sure what to expect when I ordered these chocolate covered coffee beans, but WOW they are really good.  The chocolate is very tasteful and the coffee bean in what I had hoped for!!  The price was not bad at all either.  I decided to purchase these when I went to a local cafe to buy chocolate covered coffee beans and they no longer sold them.  The Koppers are much better than the local cafe had!!!  I will be buying them again.  They will make wonderful gifts!!!
My wife is a coffee snob ( she calls herself that too) and we have browsed Amazon for K cups for  a couple years, We must have purchased every dark French Roast there is. All the coffee was good but just was not "it" until we ordered this coffee. Finally a coffee dark, bold enough yet smooth and not bitter. She even runs it thru the machine twice and still gets a good cup of coffee. May cost a little more than others we have purchased but well worth it. Now when re-ordering I can just go to my last coffe order and re-order same. Simple, quick and satisfing. Plus it has a cool picture of the Eifle Tower on the box.
the San Francisko Bay produce this taste delicious coffee and We love it.We decided to order ore cups and i found that value is really good.
I must confess I bought this coffee for it's price but was I surprised.  It is really good.  Full body, will make a large mug of strong and clear coffee.  I drink it black, so the body of the coffee is important to me.  Try it, a great way to start the day.
These coffee k-cups are just the best...the smell when you open the bags will awaken you before you have your first cup!  And the price can't be beat!
The coffe pods are quite different from the traditional all plastic k-cup design and fit perfectly, Best of all, they brew a consistently great cup of coffee and I am able to put them in our recycle unit. I get this coffee from my Amazon subscribe program and the price is excellent.
I tried this version of K-cups to determine how it compared with other brands.  I was somewhat skeptical of the coffee not being in an air tight container.  This coffee has a filter covering the bottom and therefore not sealed.  The taste of the coffee is great.  We typically stay with the medium type blends and stay away from the bold flavors.  This coffee is a little on the strong side so when I brew, I just use more water and the flavor is as good as or better than the other brands (Emerils, Newmans, etc.).  As far as keeping the coffee fresh, we use an air tight container.  This coffee comes in sealed bags containing 12 or fewer cups.  Cost is much less than the standard k-cups.
I am very pleased with the taste and quality of this coffee.  It is smooth and mellow.  I also like the fact that there is greener packaging.
I love eating these for breakfast, since they have a good amount of protein and fiber.  They taste like a peanut roll, are very chewy (so eating them takes a bit) and go great with coffee!
We liked this coffee so much, we are now subscribing to it. Dark and rich, but very smooth!
We have found that the Newmans coffee in the K-cups has the best flavor of all brands. The price from this dealer is the best.
I've been drinking bold flavors such as Timothy's Rain Forest Expresso and Coffee People's Wake Up Call but have grown tired of the somewhat chalky taste of both.  I recently tried Tully's Kona Blend and it's good but expensive and not available via the "Subscribe and Save" program.  So I took a chance on their House Blend and like it even better than the Kona Blend!  It's a "Bold"K-cup so contains enough coffee to make the larger size cup without it's being weak and the flavor is nice and rich without being bitter or chalky-tasting.  It's my new favorite K-cup!!!
I like a strong rich coffee in the morning to wake me up. Tully's fits the bill. I have tried some of the others but they are either too dark or too weak. Ordering from Amazon is just TOO convenient--It comes right to your door. Try it you'll like it!!
I love this white chocolate. I make my white chocolate mochas with it and they turn out great...so much better than starbucks or any other coffee taste. I make my kids drinks with just milk and the chocolate powder also and they love them. It saves so much money making lattes from home, I highly recommend this to any coffee lover (I don't use it for anything else) And the box lasts so much longer than any can!
We had this coffee on safari in Tanzania.  It was great early morning out in the brush as we watched zebra and elephants. Drinking it in the United States brings back a lot of memories.  I love it here just as much as there.
Not sure if it's really organic... I know the amazon description does say it is, but it doesn't mention anywhere on the product itself that it's organic. But I am giving this review a 5-star anyways for its amazingly good taste; probably one of the best tasting instant coffees out there!
My husband came back from Tanzania with this in tow. Now, when I feel like going to Starbucks, I literally think, "Why bother?"The coffee is better at home. That's a first - thanks Africafe!
Kona coffee is the greatest, low acid coffee in the world!  Kona blend comes in second and is a reasonable substitute since Kona is about $40/lb.!  This product is getting hard to find in stores and the supplier price was reasonable and the product was delivered in good time.
Making chai on the stovetop is a luxury I rarely have time for.  Sure, it's wonderful to meditatively stir the pot and smell the aroma of spices and simmering tea, but that's not going to happen when it's 2 in the afternoon and I'm stuck in front of my office computer.  Enter Jaipur Avenue.  No, it doesn't taste like chai made from scratch, but it's pretty close, and it's delicious.  The best part is that it has the flavor profile of the chai that you drink in India--the sweet, milky kind, not the super-spicy, hastily brewed "chai lattes" that you get at the local coffee shop.  Needless to say, I'm a fan!
This halva has a genuine, Middle-Eastern flavor and texture, unlike many other brands of halva. It is fantastic with Turkish coffee!
I love my Keurig machine.I make all kinds of flavors of coffee and teas.But when I tried the Gloria Jeans Pomegranite berry fusion tea, I was hooked. It is so delicious.
I've been a chef now for over 18 years and was very skeptical about ordering coffee, organic coffee for that matter, online. When we got it we immediately opened it and vacuum packed and portioned the coffee, it comes in a 5lb. bag.  Up until the very last bean, they were all full of flavor and taste so much better than anything I have bought in a store.  The roasting process does NOT burn the bean, it simply brings out the wonderful volcanic aromas surrounding Nicaragua.
This is a nice change from using powdered stevia. I find that it is better to use in drinks like tea (but please, please, please if you must sweeten coffee, just use raw sugar (not that white powdered junk). I like to use this to sweeten my oatmeal (discovered that a few drops of stevia and a few drops of maple extract in oatmeal tastes pretty darn good). My only complaint is that this was shipped very poorly (two glass bottles in a large box with two plastic air bags). One bottle was broken and had made a huge mess all over the inside of the box. Luckily the folks at amazon were willing to compensate for the loss.
I made  Maxwell house coffee this morning and the taste was really good. The price is the best barging that I know. The package came so fast at free shipping rate.
I LOVE this coffee.  It's strong and bold without a bitter aftertaste.  I have just placed an order for another one.
Excellent FULL body, not bitter.  Green mountain makes coffee taste as good as it smells.  I think my search for the perfect cup of coffee is almost over.
I love this coffee. If you like Emerils' bold or Jet fuel you'll love this one. It's the closest I've found to bold coffeehouse blend and even though the prices on K-cups continue to increase these are still a bargain when you compare the cost to Starbucks or your local cafe.
My only hesitation in purchasing a K-Cup Brewer was whether the coffee would be bold enough for me. Since purchasing my brewer, I've tried many varieties and Double Black Diamond is my favorite. I drink my coffee black so I don't like weak coffee - I want it to be bold and smooth, not bitter. Black Diamond will not disappoint if you like good coffee. My other favorites are Green Mountain Expresso Blend and Coffee People Jet Fuel. I love my Cuisinart K-Cup Brewer - easy to use and no clean-up. I can make just one cup of fresh coffee whenever I want and don't end up throwing away unused or old coffee. And happily, I've found Double Black Diamond to start my mornings!
I like a strong cup of coffee.  This Double Black Diamond delivers.Unlike some reviewers I did not find it bitterDelivery was faster than promised.  The cups come in one big box,and one was damaged. Other than that I have no complaints.
Ive tried many KCups. I bought a Green Mountain Bold Variety pack and it had a few of these gems in it. This is some good, strong coffee. Might be overpowering for some people.I recommend this to anyone who has been searching for a kcup that taste like REAL coffee. some of these kcups are so weak. i say giver it a shot or at least try the bold variety pack. their espresso blend s also very strong and Kenya-AA (all part of variety pack) but i liked this one over all.
This is the BEST COFFEE EVER "DOUBLE BLACK DIAMOND" by" GREEN MOUNTAIN" and Kerig ROCKS!! I order this on Amazon every other month and get it usually within 4 to 5 days... I have other family members ordering this coffee now...I suggest his coffee to anyone who likes strong coffee!
Upon trying to replenish my supply of Green Mountain Coffee's Espresso Blend, I found they had discontinued it.  I hesitated to buy Timothy's Espresso Blend (now the only espresso k-cup on the market) due to the reviews but have since tried GMC's Dark Magic and now GMC's Double Black Diamond.  Double Black Diamond doesn't have the flavors the Espresso Blend has but it has a very good flavor on its own.  It has no bitter aftertaste as you would expect with such a strong, extra bold coffee.  Where the Dark Magic was too weak for my daily latte, the Double Black Diamond makes for a very fine latte.  This is my pick as a substitute for GMC's Espresso Blend.Update: I've been drinking this coffee for a few weeks now and have to say, it is great.  It is my new favorite!  Also, bought a couple of Extra Bold Roast k-cup coffee sample packs via Keurig and haven't found any better than GMC Double Black Diamond.
In my search for the boldest, richest, darkest blend for Keurig, Double Black Diamond wins hands down. When compared to traditional coffees, it is comparable to Cafe Du Monde. I am actually quite surprised it doesn't have chicory in it. It is bold and rich without being at all bitter. Prior to this coffee, I thought Starbuck's Italian roast was the boldest commercial blend. But, Double Black Diamond makes it look weak in comparison. It brews to an almost jet-black and is very dark and earthy without a hint of bitterness or sweetness. It is very much like an espresso and I suspect it may contain as much caffeine. I am very surprised to find a Keurig blend that is comparable to the best French Market coffees and Italian espressos.
LOVE this coffee, I was looking for a strong bold coffee and was blown away with this one.  I had tried "Jet Fuel", Emeril's Bold", "Black Tiger" and "Newman's Extra Bold",  This Double Black Diamond is absolutely the best of the bunch.  Highly recommend this to anyone who likes their coffee strong.
If you are a coffee purist, you must give this Double Black Diamond a try.  I like straight up, unadulterated black coffee in the morning - as another reviewer put it - a real "kick in the (@$!"  Well this coffee delivers. The aroma is enticing and from the first sip you will probably be hooked.  Give 'er a try if you're a bold coffee kind of person. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
I am about half way through my first bag and looking to try a different bean. It still has the yummy oil on the beans that you only see when it is fresh or you roast your own. I like my coffee strong so I give my grinder several more grinds almost to espresso, but if you pre-wet a paper filter it works out great in a drip pot. It also causes a build up in the grinder which a tablespoon of rice fixes that. My difficulty is my own making. It has nothing to do with a superior product. I plan on staying with this company as long as Amazon handles it and am looking forward to trying all their beans to find my favorite. This is a very dark bean without almost no bitterness. You can serve this to the most discriminating guest with pride.
I first had this syrup at a local coffee shop- their drink of the day was a "Pistachio Latte," which I had never had before.  It was so good that it became my "usual."  I realized I should try to make the same drink at home to save money- so I just recently bought a bottle.  So glad I did!First of all, Amoretti had the product on my doorstep faster than Amazon Prime delivered packages when I was a member!  Secondly the syrup is SO delicious; I've found 2 pumps is just the right amount for 1 latte (so one bottle should make well over 40 drinks!)  It also comes with a handy pump- I've purchased other syrup brands before and none of them came with that.  Thirdly, I had an inquiry with Amoretti over my order (a mistake on my part) and they went above and beyond to rectify the situation.  Excellent customer service- I will definitely be buying from them again.  Can't wait to try some of the other flavors!
In the morning when I wake,It's Coffee Masters that I make,To the pouches I do pounce,Each is one plus one-half ounce,I avoid the surly Quikstop clerk,make my cup,then off to work,coworkers stare,they seem suspicious,how can my coffee beso delicious?I drink it making happy sounds,then drain it to the final grounds.
Like I said, I'm not a coffee connoisseur but I do enjoy a good latte with friends and family.  Starbucks recently raised the price of their coffee and I decided that my Delonghi espresso machine could use other brands of coffee just fine, thank you.  After looking around and reading reviews, I found nothing negative worth noting about CBD.  The beans smelled wonderful when I opened up the bag and the results are every bit as satisfying as Starbucks for a bit more than half the price.  Since I go through more than a pound a month, I just grind what I need for the next couple of days.So far nobody has noticed the difference which tells me I made the right choice.
This is good, smooth, strong coffee.  If you like it bold, your going to like this one.  Not one of those cheap tasting truck stop brews.
hazelnut and irish creme are my 2 favs from torani. i use them and thesweetener stevia to add to coffee.  delisciouso
We've used this product several times, mostly in our coffee, and it's delicious!  You would never know it's sugar-free.  Plus the price is much better through Amazon than in the supermarket!
We've been using this syrup for years, ever since we glimpsed it behind the counter at a Starbuck's in Cleveland. It's not too sweet and gives a good hint of vanilla with two shots into a twelve-ounce coffee, at least for me. I'm not a fan of flavored coffees, preferring black and unsweetened, but this passes muster with me and my (skim milk, light sweet coffee) wife. Also, it doesn't taste like it was made with a chemistry set. We always have a bottle next to our Keurig.The price fluctuates, but typically three bottles on Amazon are the same price as one smaller bottle locally. The shelf life unopened is just fine.
I once read of the French people, they are as picky as the Americans when it comes to coffee.  Their demand was they want their coffee dark, rich, and they want it cheap.  This coffee fits that demand plus it is very smooth, smoother than American version French Roast which I hate.  Want to try some real French coffee?  This is one of the best.
I was expecting this tea to have somewhat of a bitter taste to it just because of its name.  Boy was I WRONG!!!  This tea can easily be consumed with or without sugar.  I prefer it without sugar, but when I want a sweet taste to it, I'll just add one packet of Sweet & Low.  My energy picks up in about 30 minutes (after drinking the cup of tea) and lasts for approximately 2 hours!!!  You can't beat that at all!!!  Doesn't give me the caffiene jitters that my coffee does.  Now I just substitute one cup of coffee for one cup of Oolong Tea!!!
I tried this coffee after reading reviews that it ranked better than Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts and other coffees, upon tasting it for the first time I had to agree with the others. It has a rich robust taste, very smooth and just the right amount of "umph!!" to it to get you going for the day.
We've used 8'oclock since Consumers Report named it #1.  We buy the ground version, and brew with a Mr Coffee, just routine.Some months ago we decided on more exotic coffee.  Bought a French Press and a whistling pot, and a grinder, and tried numerous brands of fancy coffees.We set up a "coffee log" to keep track of all the various coffees and the details of the brew (amount, time of brew, degree of grind, etc),My son has a several thousand dollar machine which makes all kinds of coffee, espressos, and so on, and he is quite the expert in knowing about all the coffees out there, so we had good guidance.The results of all this experimentation?  We use 8'oclock ground, 4 measures to 5 cups of filtered water (important!), normal brew in Mr Coffee.  There is nothing that can beat this for strength, flavor, after-taste, and convenience.And you can't beat the price if you have Amazon ship 4 bags a month, automatically.There is really no other choice than 8'oclock.Dan
it has none of those roof tar after-taste that Starbucks has and each bag cost me the same as a Grande Latte would have but makes lots of rich, smooth,  palatable pleasing cups of coffee.
This coffee is fantastic. Great, bold flavor with very oily beans. This is the first Altura coffee I have tried, but I will definitely be going back and trying the different types of beans they offer. Can't go wrong with the Peruvian dark.
I've ordered dozens of dark coffees and tried them all in both a Cuisinart 12-cup machine and a glass vacuum pot. The flavors, the oil content, and the bitterness differ dramatically based on how dark coffees are brewed. In the Cuisinart, you get a darn good cup of coffee for a autobrew system... but it will never taste the same as the same coffee brewed in a vacuum pot. This Peruvian Dark, done in the Cuisinart, has some light bitterness (as others have complained about...), a moderate oil content on the top of each cup, and the flavor is good-to-great. In the glass vacuum pot with water run through a Brita, it's the greatest coffee I've ordered and our favorite for winter mornings! No bitterness, a complexity that makes you savor the flavor, and a smell that fills the house. Use a coffee mug with a thin lip - Starbucks sells several. Like wine, you want it to spread across your tongue and open up all the flavor you can get out of it. I recommend this coffee, especially if you're going to brew it in a way that optimizes it's flavors!
I try to drink 1-3 cups of green tea everyday and this was a great way to try out so many different Stash green teas at once.The varieties included were (ordered May 2010):Chai Green - Very good chai, one of my favorites. Better than CelestialFusion Breakfast - Too much going on- mix of Indian Assam, Indonesian Black, Chinese Green, Japanese Green, African Black, and Japanese MatchaFusion Green & White - Good if you can't decide to have white tea or green tea, which happens every so often to meGinger Peach - not my cuppa, too much ginger and difficult to find the peach flavorOrganic Premium Green - very goodMoroccan Mint - Excellent, not quite as minty as peppermint herbal tea, but a nice balance of mint and green flavorsPomegranate Raspberry - meh, okay when you're craving fruity but I wouldn't invest in a case of thisPremium Green - very goodDecaf Premium Green - Excellent, my kids drink this oftenAfter drinking tea for years with or without sweetener (no milk) I made a mistake one morning and put Torani Sugar-Free Vanilla Syrup into my tea with some cream (thinking it was coffee!) and I was blown away with the smooth, mellow taste. I now drink my tea with a little vanilla syrup and cream (less than I would use in coffee) and it's such an amazing flavor - like dessert. My daughter thinks it tastes like Yoplait vanilla yogurt. I highly recommend this!!!
I was impressed by the coffee; it had a nice, bold taste to it. It also supports a good cause so you will feel good about buying it also. A win-win.
The Organic Coffee Company's Sumatra Whole Bean 12-Ounce Bags (Pack of 3) is five star great!It's a shame this offer on Amazon.com. is out of circulation already.The roast is 100% perfect for gently bringing out the distinct flavor of this uniquely satifying coffee.Ah yes, the multi-layered overly-magnificent taste of Fresh Gorund Organic Sumatran in the morning.Nothing quite compares.
My husband was a one cup (am) coffee drinker. I purchased the Keurig Brewers so I didn't have to make a pot of coffee in the afternoon.  He laughed!  Now guess who joins me at 3pm break. lol
This is the best Colombian coffee I have ever had. Its smooth and strong, but not bitter. I highly recommend this one.
This is my favorite K cup by far. Strong, bold with tons of flavor. I have been looking for several months for coffee as good as this.
Better than Starbucks, better than Dunkin!!!  We now prefer to make our own Tiger and Go then stop at any of the coffee shops on the road!  Amazing!!  Hope Black Tiger never goes away!!
One of the ladies in our office is from Poland. She brought a sample of this candy back from her last trip. I have been ordering it since and we all are rather addicted to our afternoon coffee now.
Bought this for my boyfriend who loves his coffee with a punch and this does it for him.  Glad it's in a large box so I don't have to order it as often.
I prefer strong coffee and I have tried them all. This is the only k-cup that is strong and has a great taste, and great is a understatement.
My wife and I like "strong" coffee, and Jet Fuel is just that.  It smells good during brewing (if you stand next to the Keurig while it is being brewer you can smell it) and it tastes like a good strong (but not expresso-strong) coffee.  We plan to re-purchase it when our supply gets low.
I drink a cup of Jet Fuel every morning. I have found that this has the perfect amount of caffeine. I drink a cup of this and a cup of standard coffee (Starbucks) every day. Jet fuel does a great job waking me up without giving me the shakes however, I have found that if I drink more than 1 cup, I do get a little jittery. I've been drinking this stuff since day one of my Keurig purchase and I will continue to order it. I love bold coffees and this fits right in there. I recommend this to anyone looking for a full roast bold tasting coffee.
This is the best bold coffee on the market. Rich, strong, with no after bite. You will not be disappointed. Great value. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a strong, tasteful coffee.
Can't add much to the headline. Great coffee, great price. A good 'dark roast' option without being bitter or 'burnt' tasting.
I don't like bitter coffee, which I associate with the term "extra bold". Jet Fuel is anything but bitter! Now, I use a B-60 and I make a couple brews off the same kcup on the large setting because I drink a lot of coffee and I'm cheap. I'll brew both into the same (rather large) cup to even out the tastes. It still tastes very good, but not as bold. A little creamer for me and I'm good to go! I now drink this more than the Kona blend from Coffee People. I also appreciate how cheap it is!
How could I pass up a coffee named Jet Fuel. We are a dark roast family and this was a perfect match. Love the deep flavor without the bitterness of many of the dark roasts.
My family enjoys this coffee.  It gets the job done.  I have a very physical job that keeps me tired. By the next morning this gets me up.
Fair warning: if you are not looking for strong coffee, this isn't for you! This blend is much strong than my previous favorite "black tiger". While it is strong, it doesn't have the bitterness that you get with coffee from other k-cups or Starbucks. It has a nice sweet taste that is perfect for those who take their coffee black (tastes great with milk, cream and/or sugar too!!!). I have recommended this blend to a few friends who bought it after I gave them one to try. Try and you won't be disappointed.
Now THIS is coffee!! Strong bold flavor with no bitterness. Thank you thank you thank you!
I had never of this source but the reviews (positive) are right and this coffee is a "keeper". The coffee is bold are really a "kick a__" blend at a good price for K-cup coffee.
Since I use these as coffee flavorings, I'll review it on that criteria. First, it arrived well-packaged from Trade Concepts; in fact, the packer even signed it.In the ten-pack, you get three types: kirsh wasser, or cherry brandy; eierlikor, made from eggs; and Williamsbrand (couldn't find any info about that). The brandy gives coffee the same heat I got from Anthon Bergs, only much stronger---so I get three uses from each bottle, which is about two or three times the content of Anthon Berg bottles. The chocolate gets a little slippery at room temp, but that's a minor problem.To sum up: it's a fine and cheaper alternative to the much pricier brands in the small bottles. But it definitely packs a punch.
I recently bought an espresso machine that had a basket for pods.  I thought I would give some a try and Pod Merchant seems to carry them all (I lived in Italy for several years and Pod Merchant has some Italian coffee brands that even I've never heard of).The sampler packs are a fun way to try different brands.  Some are better than others, but trying them out will keep you from later ordering 100 of something you don't like.The order was processed quickly and they were delivered no problem via UPS.  There were also a couple of "freebie" pods and a coupon as a thank you for the order which I thought was a nice touch.
Our neighbor recommended the Millstone Kona to us. Now it is our favorite coffee. Great quality, delicious taste, especially if it freshly grinded.
I found this coffee to be full flavored when brewed at 3/4 cup. Not really bitter at all with a smooth flavor. Not as good as Timothy's World Coffee Rainforest Espresso but pretty close.
I received a Keurig brewer from my wife for Christmas.  I like a nice, bold, coffee and had never tried this one but went for it based on great reviews.  This stuff is delicious and it is a perfect cup every time thanks to the Keurig brewer.  I have been happy with all Green Mountain k-cups I have tried thus far.  Highly recommend this to those that like a bold cup of coffee.  My wife doesn't like hers as strong and she went with the Green Mountain "Nantucket Blend" and she loves it.
You know how you get all the samples this one was our favorite that tastes the best even if you add a little more water. We have the personal Keurig but this was the best coffee we found for it. It wasn't bitter but yet strong didn't taste watered down like some of the others. Excellent coffee!!!
I purchased my Keurig B60 Keurig B60 Special Edition Gourmet Single-Cup Home-Brewing System for myself for Christmas and liked it so much I bought the Keurig B40 for my Office.  I like my coffee bold and stong and have tried the Bold K-Cups from several different companies and my favorite is the productGreen Mountain Dark Magic Extra Bold K-cup, 12-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)
If you are a Starbucks fan, and like their bold blends, this is a good option.  My Keurig brewer has options to make three sizes of coffee, and I choose the middle option for a good cup of coffee.  I prefer this over Starbucks coffee in the optional KCup "make your own" filter.
I admit, I am a coffee snob. I buy good whole bean coffee and make it fresh ground at home. And I make it very strong.I love Starbucks coffee. But I was skeptical about this instant version. However, I have to say it is very close the real thing! I am quite happy to make a cup of VIA when I don't feel like making a whole pot! It's SO easy and delicious!
While this coffee is not as good as fresh brewed it is very convenient and the taste is not bad. My office uses the single pod type coffees and I always find them too weak or flat in taste.I like the convenience of only needing hot water to make a cup of coffee. I sometimes do not feel like brewing a whole pot. I especially love the decaf version for later at night when I want a cup of coffee.Buying the 50 count does work out cheaper than the grocery store or Starbucks retail stores per packet. My package had a good expiration date although it took me less than a month to finish the whole box between home and office.I am ordering more of the regular Italian Roast and the decaf version.
This stuff is great tasting coffee for instant.  I would put it up there above many regular brewed coffees.  Fast and convenient for those early mornings.
I purchased these so If I dont want to make a pot of coffee I can still have a great cup -I keep a few packets at work too
These coffee beans are rich, full-bodied, and economical.  This is the second time I have ordered them, and both times, was pleased with the flavor.  I had to cut back some on the amount I used, because the coffee was almost too strong, even though I like strong coffee.  There was no bitterness or after-taste.  I highly recommend this product.
This sampler package was purchased as a gift for my parents to go with their new Keurig brewer. The sampler was nicely packaged in a box with the individual K-cups resting in cardboard & plastic packaging. My parents were pleased with the variety of 13 different decaf coffees to try - they were very happy with this gift!
I am passionate about good coffee, and I've traveled around the world and been fortunate to taste the coffees of many lands. There are great coffees in Italy, Kenya, Ethiopia, Colombia, and many other countries, but in the USA there is no finer coffee than French Market Coffee & Chicory. I've been drinking this for over 40 years and it is a staple in my home. It never disappoints, and I always get unsolicited rave reviews from guests about the coffee I brew.There are a couple of things you should know. Even though this is a blend of coffee & chicory, it makes a robust pot of coffee. Pay attention to the advice that's printed on the lid of every can: "Use 1/3 to 1/2 as much coffee as you would normally use to brew a pot." My standard recipe these days is 2 level scoops per 8 cups of water for an automatic drip brewer, but if your coffee maker will take 10 or 12 cups of water, I'd still recommend using just 2 level scoops; then adjust to your own taste.You get great value from a can of French Market coffee. The can is 16 oz., not 12 oz. like many other cans on your grocer's shelf. And by using only 2 level scoops per pot, that can will last for weeks.The company that makes French Market coffee was acquired by another New Orleans-based company, but I trust that they will respect the heritage and tradition of this great New Orleans brand. Try French Market coffee and see if you agree with me that it's simply the best.
French Market is one of the best Chicory blended coffee that I have tasted in the US - really love the thick strong crema/decoction is makes.Anyone who has visited/grew up in South India - specifically Chennai/Madras and Bangalore - you would noticed that these are the 2 cities in India where coffee is a staple drink.  While the rest of India drinks Tea - these two cities swear by their coffee.Drop by at one of the Darshinis (Fast food restaurants) and they make super strong coffee - mixed with Milk and sugar.  The specialty of this coffee is the right blend of Coffee and Chicory which was popularized by the British when they were ruling India.  Most of the restaurants/coffee houses prepare the crema/decoction made with coffee in a 5 liter stainless steel container - then when a coffee order comes through they mix the thick crema/decoction with milk and sugar and serve it in a small stainless steel cup with an inverted bowl - it is a unique experience in itself !Chicory is cheaper than coffee and different 'blends' offer different proportion - typically it is 70-80% coffee and 20-30% chicory.  The best restaurants and coffee house make the right mix of coffee/chicory depending on the coffee type - it is an art.  Until the advent of 'Coffee Day' and 'Barista' chain of modern cafe - the old Bangalore coffee was coffee/chicory blends.Until I came to the US, I had never tasted 100% coffee - I love 100% coffee at Starbucks/Dunkin Donuts.  But once in a way, I get my memories back with French Market Coffee and enjoy it - it does have the right blend of Coffee and Chicory and amazingly rich and flavorful.Here are a few tips on how you prepare a good cup of coffee with the French Market Chicory blended coffee:  * Use only 50-75% of this coffee/chicory blend as compared to using 100% coffee powder  * Preferably add 2% or whole milk to the resulting crema/decoction
This is the best for both taste and aroma. It will make your day start on the best note possible. Enjoy the taste, inhale the aroma and know what great coffee should be like!
I have had a Keurig for over a year and have tried many of the different k cups.  So far, this has been the best k-cup.  It isn't too strong and isn't too weak.  It holds its own against the half-n-half that I use with it and makes a consistently good cup of coffee.
We have owned our Keurig since before Christmas, and have sampled many of the k-cups through the 5-cup sampler packs.  After all of the tasting the Timothy's Italian is my favorite blend.  It is crisp, robust, and has a coffee-shop freshness every time I make it.  And what a great surprise that I can purchase this coffee through the subscribe & save program on Amazon!  I just signed up for automatic delivery, because I have not and don't expect to tire of the great taste of the Timothy's Italian Blend. (Try some of their other blends, especially the Fair Trade.)
After getting somewhat addicted to Starbucks White Mocha Frappe's, I decided I could probably save a lot of money and make my own.  I bought this and MOCAFE's White Chocolate Frappe 3-lb bag mix.  I also like mine with a pump of Sugar Free Hazelnut, so I also bought Torani brand through Amazon.For coffee, I bought 2-lb bags for French Roast beans at Costco.  I grind and then make a strong pot of coffee (14 heaping teaspoons per 10 cups of coffee).  After the coffee is made, I pour it into ice cube trays and freeze them.The recipe is to add about 1 ?∩┐╜ cups of milk (I use 1%) in a blender, about one scoop of the White Chocolate Frappe mix, one "squirt" of the white mocha sauce, and one pump of the SFH.  Last, I add eight coffee ice cubes. I blend it all up, and it makes about 20 oz. of Frappe.Both my wife and I like it as much if not more that Starbucks, and of course it's much cheaper.  By using both our Prime membership and the Amazon Subscribe and Save, it's even less, the supplies are always on the shelf.MOCAFE Frappe  White Chocolate, Ice Blended Coffee, 3-Pound BagTorani Sugar-Free Syrup, Hazelnut, 25.4-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 3)
This is a great option if you are looking for a bold roast K-Cup. This is my new favorite. Coffee People Organic used to be a favorite but they seemed to have quit making it or the new replacement is not as good.
When I want a nice strong cup of coffee, Tully's French Roast is my choice.  Strong but not bitter.I will buy it again!
I've recently purchased Tully's French Roast K-Cups from Amazon. Well this is the best coffee no bitter after taste, wonderful smell of coffee brewing, very  easy to make.The French roast is a darker coffee for those who like stronger blends.I'd recommend this to all who purchase K-cups .Only bad thing about this product is it goes to fast ,in other words I drink to much of it. LOL  Buy some and enjoy your cup of coffee today.
I am a great coffee lover and am constantly searching for the perfect cup that I can brew at home.  Tully's French Roast is at the top of the list with my K-cup brewer.  The coffee is delicious, great dark roast taste, and I do look forward to each morning great cup of coffee....Each night before I go to bed I am excited to get up the next morning to my great cup of coffee.....
I've been drinking this coffee for many years now and have taken to buying bags of it when I'm in the Bay Area Costco to bring to places I'm going to that don't carry it.  I think it is fantastic, especially for the price and I used to work at a pre-Peets/Starbucks coffee place in Cleveland back in the day and I lived up the street in Berkeley from the original Peets so I think I can judge a good coffee. I'm thinking the ones that don't like it are not paying for it and when the boss or someone else pays of course it isn't going to be as good as what you'd get at specialty coffee places. When it comes down to price and flavor, this is the best but try to buy it at a Bay Area Costco and pack it in your suitcase as the price here at Amazon (and on Costco.com) is too high. These bags should cost no more than $30 with shipping.
This took a little trial and error for me to find the right amount.  The directions on the package recommend 1-2 tablespoons per cup as you would with regular coffee.  Way too much.  That is, if you want it to taste like coffee.  If you want it to taste like something bitter, sour, and unpleasant, then follow the directions.I brewed a batch using a tablespoon per cup and subsequently added so much water that I think the ratio is more like 1 teaspoon per cup.  I'll update w/ what I find.All that to say, this is a great alternative for those people who can't handle coffee.  With cream and stevia, and percolated with the 'right' amount of chicory, this tastes amazingly like coffee.My 'litmus test' is that when I add in my creamer, it develops a natural coffee color.  If it's dark, add more water, not creamer.Don't give up.  With everything there is a learning curve.
You wake up early on a sunday morning and you turn on your other side because you want to sleep a little more. But then you smell something like scrambled eggs, fried oignon rings and above all the strong scent of espresso...This is strong coffee like the Italian espresso. Take care you don't boil the water, otherwise it will loses its flavor. The water should be between warm and hot. I use it black with a small lump of brown sugar. A real amateur will tell you that the use of any sugar is sacrilege. But what can I do? The flesh is weak.
These t-discs for the Tassimo machine are greatness. Make a terrific cup of coffee one at a time at the perfect heat and the perfect quantity and the perfect taste!
They melt in your mouth!  I think I found my perfect snack.I love Oreos, but hate all the fat they provide to my diet.  By diet I mean the ability to eat everything in moderation.  I monitor how much fat I ingest for many reasons, health being the most important.  One package of these cookies had the same great taste of oreos with only 1/4 of the fat.I also like the fact that they come in individual packages:  They don't go stale;  you can take them on trips, movies, park, etc.Great tea or coffee cookies too!.... and, of course, good old milk.
I've used this is just about everything I make. From coffee to stir fry vegetables, deserts, great sweetener for homemade hempmilk, nutmilk, etc. There is a very unique sweetness to the organic agave nectar that can only be found in organic agave nectar. Great to have around the kitchen as an alternative to honey(for you vegans out there)or sugar(mothers raising children). A+.
It tastes better (coffee, tea, cereal, baking, et al.) than processed cane sugar (and ANY artificial sweetener).  Although I am not quite as sensitive to the details of my body's interest in or acceptance of various sweeteners as other reviewers, the stuff seems just fine.  Have used all the various artificial products, and they taste...well, artificial - esp. Truvia which has a vile aftertaste.  Organic, fair trade, and tasty - seems OK to me.  And since I am not a food scientist and lack access to a full-on laboratory (More agave, Igor), I can't comment on web-based assertions of dubious provenance.  As I wrote, tastes good and seems like a sensible alternative to the rest of the crowd.
I grew up with this coffee around.  It a Southeast Asian staple in the pantry!  And yes I'm talking about about cafe sua da (iced coffee w/milk) in Vietnamese (but I'm Cambodian and we drink it as well). This is ten times better than starbucks. :)  Yum!
I really wanted to try these cookies because I love Fig Newtons. I got the package and was pleasantly surprised that the bag was resealable. The cookies come in a short tray. My bag had some broken cookies but most of them were whole. I had my husband taste them. He loved them because he could dunk them in coffee and they do not disintegrate. He loved the flavor and texture of the cookie.Since I had some cookie pieces, I decided to see if my dog would like them... he LOVED the cookies. After I gave him the pieces I had to break another 2 coolies because he kept asking for the cookies.Overall, this cookie was a huge success in my household. I will be buying them again.Serving size 3 cookies - 140 calories.
My son got me started on this drink!!!! He works for UPS and looks for energy!!!! I don't like coffee taste but he said "try it I guarantee you will like it!"...Well I did!!!! It used to be called LO-BALL then they changed the name to Vanilla Light.  Same great taste and energy as before...I have never gotten the shakes or had any problems with this drink , but I also don't drink more than one can a day,and I can go weeks without one, then if I need a lift-it's there and it works great!!!! I like that it has lower calories and yet still has a great taste to it...wish I liked straight coffee-but I don't , but I REALLY like this drink !! And there's no carbonation which is a plus for me!!!
Rich chocolate note, more complex than most decaf, and very smooth.  The Seattle Best Twilight Blend is probably the smoothest decaf I've tasted.  My stomach also like the relatively low acid level, probably due to the dark roast.  If you don't like the so called "bright or spicy" tasting coffee, give the Twilight Blend a try.
This is a good coffee at a good price.  If you drink alot of coffee (like I do), it makes sense to buy a larger bag like this.  It smells wonderful when it's fresh ground, and it tastes just as wonderful.
My wife is Indian and loves Chai tea, but we're busy people and it takes a long time to make it properly. She has tried the following:1. Starbucks Chai Latte (from Starbucks)2. Starbucks Chai (concentrate, the cardboard box with the syrup in it)3. Trader Joe's Spiced Chai (powder)4. Oregon Chai (powder and liquid)5. Some other Chai powder that Costco had a few years ago but I don't remember the name now.6. Twinings Chai Tea (formerly Indian Spiced Chai, and formerly good)For a while, Starbucks was #1 while #6 was the backup.  After Twinings changed their recipe, and she found Yogi Chai Rooibos (thanks, Garett!), even Coffee Bucks can't compare!  This is exactly what she was looking for.Mix 3/4 cup milk, 1/4 cup water, 1 tsp sugar, tea bag, steep for 6 minutes and you'll make a perfect cup every time, at like 1/20th the price of Starbucks.One word of warning, however, if you're looking for this tea to wake you up - it is not caffeinated!
After having some great coffee in Germany, my husband has been trying to figure out what made it so great.  in his words, this coffee came closest than anything else.  He says it's the best decaf whole bean coffee he's had in the states.
Big train makes the best chai mix I have found, mainly because it is good with milk, good with water, good with a little of both!  Pretty sweet, so if you prefer your chai more spicy, less sweet, this may not the drink for you.  I have added some dark chocolate shavings to this and it is a great dessert drink.  The vanilla chai is also excellent from this company.  Have been drinking this for 4+ years, and tried many different chais at many a coffee shop and this remains my favorite, way better than the liquid concentrates you see in stores.
This coffee beat our expectations. We bought it thinking we would try it out because of the cheap price, but found that the coffee is very good and hope to buy more at this amazing value!
I love this French Vanilla cappuccino!  It is exactly what I was looking for to make in my Keurig.  You see, I am NOT a coffee drinker so I am always on the look out for tea or other speacialty drinks to make in my Keurig.  This would be similar to the Cafe Escapes Cafe Mocha and Chai Latte.  It is a mix that fully emties when you run it through the Keuirg.  A word of warning to the die hard coffee drinkers...this is not your Starbucks cappuccino.  It's more like your gas station cappuccino, which was exactly what I was looking for.  Great taste even on the largest cup setting on the Keurig platinum.  My new favorite morning pleasure.
I'm not a big coffee drinker as I hate the bitterness.  These k-cups changed the way I think of coffee completely.  They are delicious!  My husband does miss the bitterness of regular coffee and I have some friends who think its a bit too sweet so they do a half and half mixture, but for me... perfection!
These are great for your morning coffee without having to have any cream or sugar.These are delicious and easy to use in K Cup form.
The coffee is wonderful with no bitter taste or after taste. I prefer a Cappucino style of coffee with all ingredients pre mixed. This is one of the best that I have tried and I know I will be re-ordering when I am done with my original purchase.
If you are a coffee snob, you will not like this cappuccino.  However, for those of us easing into the world of coffee, this is a nice and sweet caffeinated beverage with only 80 calories.  It tastes just like the cappuccinos you get out of the machine at a gas station.  A nice treat!
I enjoy all three of the Grove Square Cappuccino flavors as does my family. I have slowly stopped buying the regular coffee and have swapped over to this brand as I seem to have become addicted to the caramel as I can't get enough of its sweet flavor. At $7.98 a box at Walmart I can buy this and NOT have to buy those flavored creamers. I shake the cup prior to use and set the machine for 8 oz....YUM!
I bought the Keurig for my husband who really did not want it.  I don't drink coffee but love, love gadgets.  So order to enjoy my new GADGET I had to find something to make.  I found Grove Square Cappuccino by accident.  I add some whipped cream on the top and what I end up with is a heavenly dessert that has none of the bitter taste of coffee.  I also bought the French Vanilla version and decided I liked it so much that I am on a monthly plan.  For anyone who loves flavored drinks this is perfect.  And my hubby finally came around and uses the Keurig for his coffee.  He does not use this drink since it does not have a coffee taste, thank goodness.I have been watching negatives and positives.  It is all a matter of preference and taste.  I happen to love this coffee because it is sweet and does not taste like coffee.  I simply hate coffee and this is a way to enjoy the Keurig and share some time with my husband who does drink coffee.  As for the additives... welcome to this world of the 21st century!  It satifies my sweet tooth and keeps me from eating cake, cookies, pie and ice cream.  So Grove Square bring it on.
While Mocha Nut Fudge coffee is still my favorite, and hazelnut the coffee I most often drink,  This is the best tasting cocoa-type think I have yet had.  I find myself drinking the hazelnut, then making this in the same cup with some of the hazelnut still in there, as well as just drinking it by itself.After trying several cocoas and cappuccinos, I was skipping the kcups and just using the machine to make hot water and using the far cheaper instant cocoa packets.  But after a freind had me try the caramel cappuccino, I ordered boxes of my own, and I am still happy with the taste after a month of it.
The Diamond II is great. Rich but very smooth, not bitter at all. This is one that people will try and comment on without knowing anything about the coffee beforehand. I ordered it as a present for my dad, who loves coffee, but as soon as he brewed a pot it disappeared because of the amazing aroma. Everyone would suddenly decide to have coffee once they could smell it. The only people who didn't seem to really enjoy it both drink coffee that I find revolting. My stepbrother, who regularly drinks coffee that's been heated all day, and his girlfriend, who loves instant coffee, thought it was too weak. My advice: if you really love good coffee, then keep the Kona for yourself.Caveats: other reviewers imply that this is 100% Kona. It is not. It is a blend, although a very good one. Also, it is a medium roast.
I prefer to chew gum than pop a mint throughout the day.  After a meal, after coffee, after a smoke (when I smoked) this was a go to for getting the after taste out of my mouth without brushing my teeth.  I used to purchase this from a local store but found that with my prime membership shipping and the cost ends up cheaper to buy here.  The gum is cinnamon flavors but not overpowering. I will be purchasing again.
I have been buying the Timothy's Decaf K-cups for a long time now.  I think my taste buds have gotten bored as recently, I drank some Starbucks Via Decaf and was shocked with how much better that was.  I did some searching and decided to try this Extra Bold to see if the Keurig could produce something with more flavor.  It did!  I really like this coffee and will use it as my daily drinker from now until I get bored again.  The bummer is that I bought this last week and it cost me about $12 less than what the price is today!
Wonderful taste, better price than the store and fast shipping.  Will definitely order again. Nice mild flavor. Why go out for coffee when I can have this at home.
I like that it is not bitter or acidy. I do put somewhat more into my coffee press to make a stonger cup.
By far is one of the better coffee's out there- Matter of fact so is the French Roast.Getting ready to buy more rain forest blend today!
Great coffee!  I stumble on this product searching for discounted K-cups, the price is good so I gave it a try.  I highly recommend after the first cup.  It fits as well as a Kcup! Incrediable Flavor!
I haven't found a downside to this coffee.  Bought it after receiving email from Amazon highlighting the San Francisco brand, which I had never heard of.  (Since Green Mountain instituted multiple price increases in 2011, and discontinued Hazelnut Dark Roast and a couple other favorites of mine, I have been seeking other alternatives.)  This was a much better price so I decided to try it.Didn't even pay attention to the photo that shows it is a bit different from a regular k-cup.  Surprised at the lack of the plastic cup portion, and very pleased.  My first thought was less crap to throw out into the environment.  Because it is not in a sealed plastic cup, and the plastic bag does not reseal, you need to store in an airtight plastic container or Ziploc bag, as others have mentioned doing.  As G. Eppinger said, the price justifies a little less convenience, and I am happy with less waste.I thought the flavor was great.  I buy only the extra bold flavors of whatever k-cups I purchase, and I did not find this to be weak.I would recommend this coffee, plan to buy it again, and will probably end up putting it on subscribe-and-save.  Green Mountain can keep raising their price if they want, I've found something new.
I was skeptical about this coffee, but not any more!!!!  This is the best coffee I have had in my Keurig EVER!!!!  I am not a fan of really strong coffee and this coffee is perfect for me.  After I opened my bag I put the rest of the coffee in a resealable FoodSaver bag.  PERFECT!!!  I don't think you can go wrong with the taste, or the price!!!
I've tried a few of San Francisco Bay's coffee and this one is by far and away my favorite.  We are drinking a lot more coffee because it's so good, more than when we were ordering Donut Coffee Shop and other K cup blends.  The subscription is nice to have!
Really enjoy the taste of this coffee.  The price is a great value.  Th K- cup configuration is a bit different, but I've used over  100 now without any problem.  A great buy!
Comparing this extra-strength Red Rain to a standard 5-Hour Energy, the ingredients and nutritional facts are almost identical.  Extra Strength Red Rain has moderately more niacin (40mg versus 30mg), reports 3g of carbohydrates while 5-Hour Energy doesn't list any, and the "energy blend" is just a little bit chemically different.  Other claims (caffeine equal to a cup of coffee) are the same.It would be reasonable to assume that Red Rain and 5-Hour Energy would perform almost identically, but I've noticed distinctly different sensations from them.  Red Rain doesn't give me the same jitters or uncomfortable rush that 5-Hour Energy does.  It doesn't feel like it hits me as strongly, but maybe that just means I don't notice where the energy is coming from.  It does keep me alert, and feels more natural.Tastes pretty good, too.  Better than 5-Hour Energy berry flavor.If you don't like the way most energy shots make you feel, this is worth experimenting with.  If you really need that weird "energy high" feeling, stay with another brand.  For the money, though, Red Rain is an extremely efficient product.
I tried lots of these coffees and I like this the best- some are too strong, some little flavor, but this one is great.  Finally
Very good whole bean coffee. Plus, it's organic, fair trade, shade grown, and at a great price. How can you lose?
This coffee does not have a bite like other brands and is the best tasting coffee I have found in my travels.  I can only get it here now since all the stores I did get it have quit handling it.  Their loss of my business.  Stores complain about losing business to the net, they should carry the products we like.
Instant coffee has become the big thing--even Starbucks has gotten into the act. Instant coffee is the convenience beverage nowadays--all you need is hot water. OrGano's Gold Gourmet Latte is one of the best instant coffees on the market. It DOES taste like a latte, with the milk already in it. It doesn't make you jittery and overly excited. It contains the herb ganoderma (from mushrooms) It's perfect any time of the day. It brews very quickly--all you need to do is add hot water. OrGano Gold is golden!
It seems like many reviews for Organo Gold products are written by people who work the MLM business (Amway-style) side of this thing. Very self-promoting to endorse a product you sell, yes? It makes for less-than-reliable reviews.I was subjected to the spiel. I laughed it off. However, I honestly love the coffee! I'm on a diet plan and the Cafe Latte is only 2 WW points. The taste is GREAT in my opinion, and I have always been a coffee snob who only drinks Chemex-brewed coffee. The Organo Gold has much less sugar than I would normally have in a homebrew or work-brew cup, and NO dairy. Health-wise, it's a positive.I don't know how beneficial the Ganoderma is, and I really don't care. I've been drinking ONLY Organo Gold coffee for 3 months now and I haven't grown any new limbs or anything - so it seems safe. It's incredibly handy at work, and for travel as well - though I drink it every day regardless.It's NOT normal coffee. Purists may not like it I suppose. I just really enjoy the taste regardless, also the smoothness, the lesser caffeine level, and the ease of prep. I no longer need to keep fresh half & half or sugar on hand at work. I would consider this a "coffee alternative". I have tried pretty much every "instant pack" coffee out there, and none come even close to the quality of Organo Gold. They do one thing, and they do it well. The quality is evident if you do side-by-side comparisons.
A friend turned me to drinking this coffee brand, now I'm addicted. definetly worth the price. I haven't tried the other flavors.
I really hoped for the best on this one after becoming disillusioned with my local coffee shop's organic ethically produced Ethiopian offering, but happily this is a great tasting cup of coffee. My husband orders these specifically to take with him to work. Flavorful, bold, rich, really nice for a single serve. Usually we need two pods per cup of other blends to make it work for us but not with the Marley Coffee. A+
Marley Coffee & Tea One Love Organic Coffee makes a tasty cup of coffee.  However, I have to say that nowhere on the box, or the individual packets, are instructions for actually making the coffee.  Also it doesn't tell you what type of coffee maker to use or even how much water to use for each packet.  I use K-cups and my daughter uses T-cups.  I had to make this product in my old automatic drip coffee maker, and I had to guess on how much water to use.  Once I was able to make a cup, it was very good.
These are pods, designed to be used in a single-cup brewing system made for pods.  I don't have one of those expensive, pod-using, coffeemakers.  I do have a single mug coffeemaker, which I normally fill with water using the provided fourteen ounce mug.  For the purposes of this product, I tried just putting in a cup (8 oz) of water, and placing the pod in the basket.  This produced a weak, undrinkable liquid.  The second time, I filled the pot with 8 oz. again.  I cut open two of the pods and put the coffee in the usual No. 2 filter.  This produced a very strong, but very delicious cup of coffee.  I thought it was too strong even for me at first (I like strong, dark coffee, and drink it black) but the more I drank it, the more I liked it.  I finished every drop.  Filling the one-cup coffeemaker with the usual full mug of water and the contents of two opened pods makes a slightly weaker but still very full-bodied, rich coffee.
I found the Marley Coffee & Tea One Love Organic Coffee to be full bodied and rich. Pleas take the other reviews for what they are worth. Some of these people tried to steep these "pods" in hot water or use them in machines, and under circumstances, for which they were not intended.Pod brewers (like the Senseo, which I used)force hot water through the pod at pressure, similar to an espresso machine, just at much lower pressure. One pod is intended for a single 4-ounce cup of coffee. It takes two pods and a two-pod holder to make an 8-ounce cup.While taste is of course a very subjective thing, I found this brew to have a very rich and complex flavor. The pods worked perfectly in my pod brewer and made a very nice cup of coffee.
Works not just with Pod Coffee Makers but Percolators too! This is so absolutely wonderful for those in gourmet coffee such as Starbucks??, Caribou??, to name a few. Marley Coffee has an excellent blend of excellent coffee beans with just a slight hint of floral (not very much) and with the Percolator, the pods fit perfectly in the old 1940s era Perc as I call my heirloom which has been handed me down which I prefer over my Mr. Coffee?? and while my Pod Coffee maker broke a long time ago; I never was too happy with it because it is a single serving and I drink a 64 ounce coffee!:-DYes, 100% Coffe-Holic here and I am not afraid to admit it.This is great for ANYTIME - morning, afternoon, or that after dinner - if you want something different for a change; I strongly would push you over the fence to this one.Having had coffee since the age of 3 years old from Cuban to the most exotic (expensive) - on the scale of 1 to 10; I give this one in this range of:Exotic - 7Blending - 9Fruity - 0Floral - 4Balanced - 10Weakness - 0Strong - 0Evenness - 10Taste - 10Aftertaste - 0  (this is very good when there is a 0 which means there is no aftertaste)Bitterness - 0Sweetness - 3Sourness - 0Richness - 8Boldness - 4Lightness - 0Darkness - 10Deep Roast - 10Medium Roast - 0Light Roast - 0Pre-Odor Smell - 2Unsealed - 0  (meaning full container which like Maxwell House??, Folgers??, 8 O'Clock??, etc)Fold'n'Seal - 0  (meaning you open and then seal, like Starbucks??, Caribou??, etc)Individual Seal - 10 (meaning each is individually sealed; Marley Coffee??, Green Mountain??, etc)Multi-purpose usage - 5 (can be used in Percolators and Pod Coffee Makers only; I have not attempted to break open pods to try in Coffee Maker yet)Need Use for Salt - 0  (Some Coffees, a pinch of salt is needed to remove bitterness or sourness)OVERALL GRADE PLUS BONUS AND ADDITIONAL BONUS (no need for salt usage) = 9!Truly a gourmet coffee for that special occasion / guest(s) / event(s) - you can even purchase multiple packages or bulk orders for the large Percolator (those that serves from 30 to 50 people) and place pods in there and use gallon of spring or filtered water to fill the pot for Weddings to Gala events!What makes this so wonderful is you can easily dump them all into the trash; for Percolator(s) - you can disregard the "this side down" as Percolator(s) operate differently than Pod Maker Coffee.NOTE: Pod Coffee Makers - Please pay heed to instructions and abide accordingly for its effectiveness!See my photos for images for additional pictures for reviews of this ...
Wasn't expecting much but these pods make smooth lattes. I used the pods in my Krups psuedo esspresso machine. They worked fine. The coffee came out great. Add some milk and froth it, and you have one smooth latte. No mess, easy clean up. The pods smell pretty strong when you open the individual packet so that's a good sign. I also made some for friends just using the pods like tea bags. They were happy and said it was smooth coffee. So you have several options how to use them. I just might be buying more though I am usually a grind my own beans kind of guy.
First impressions of this coffee was not positive as the box contains no instructions what-so-ever as to what kind of coffee-maker is required for these pods. Additionally there is no mention of how much water to use with each pod, or whether it is a single or four cup serving.HOWEVER... Once that was settled (It is recommended between 6oz and 8oz of water per pod and it can be used in any traditional drip coffee machine, or used in the same fashion as a tea bag)... I was ultimately surprised and delighted at how dark and rich the resulting coffee looked. I brewed it at full strength the first time, to see what its got. I don't normally like my coffee super strong, but I was overwhelmed with the delicious aroma of this product. The first waft was clearly rich and nutty, although the packaging says exotic floral and berry. The taste was beyond anything I could hope for. I was shocked at how much flavor this coffee contained since it is also very smooth without being bitter. The second time I brewed this coffee, using the tea bag method and hot water, I actually let it soak until I was finished dressing for work, so around 15 minutes or so. Keep in mind I do not usually care for coffee that is overpoweringly strong, but the addition time only created a more intense flavor and aroma which, after only two experiences with it, I found myself craving a repeat experience. I added a little Splenda and plain creamer to it and rather than masking the flavor, the coffee-nutty-berry flavor came through with perfection.All in all I would say this coffee has performed better than any other brand of coffee I have had my hands on in the last year or two... which is saying something since I am considered fairly obsessed with quality coffee. The price is around sixty-three cents per cup and is MORE than worth it!!
I'm a coffee snob and for many years have always bought flavored beans and ground them myself before each cup I'd brew.  Checking out what Amazon had to offer, I came across the Melitta Hazelnut brand and thought I'd give it a try.  Ground and in a can seemed easier to me.  I was right.  It's finely ground just the way I like it, and the coffee is good.  So why not give my grinder a rest!
I have been drinking Melitta coffee for years. I don't drink it all the time for I like the flavor of different blends.  But when I am in the mood for hazelnut flavored coffee this brew by Melitta is the very best I have ever tried.  And trust me, I have tried many. Not every one of the more expensive blends, but just about everything around Melitta's price range. I think the key to this coffee being so good is its fine grind.  Make that it's very fine grind.  It really looks and feels like a brown powder it is so fine.  But I just happen to believe that one gets the most flavor out of any blend by totally pulverizing the coffee bean and then making sure its stays sealed tight and fresh.  Nobody grinds coffee finer than Melitta in my opinion.  And thus they're flavored coffee is the best for that reason, as well as the fine beans they start with.  Mind you this is only my opinion about the fine grind.  It very well may be that some people don't like the taste of a such a powdery grind and if you are one of them, I would suggest you skip this blend.  On the other hand, if you want what is in my opinion the freshest most flavorful hazelnut that can be found easily, I believe Melitta is your blend.  Even though it is easily found in stores I suggest you pick it up right here on Amazon, and if you really like it, subscribe to their regular delivery.  You will save on sales tax,(in most cases) receive a discount, and, all subscription orders on Amazon ship for free.  An undeniable deal over buying locally.  Highly recommended for your morning, or anytime pleasure....
the coffee is excellent. we discovered it years ago when my oldest son was at university. he said it was the best stuff he's ever had so we gave it a test drive.turns out he was right.  just to be sure i bought my wife a sampler pack of exotic coffees from around the world.  she tested them all and El Pico came out the winner again.I am not a coffee drinker so i just make her every morning. I like to stick my nose in the can and have a whiff of this wonderful stuff.we keep plenty on hand and bless people with a package now and then.frankie Chocolate
When I first got my K-cup machine a couple years ago I ordered virtually every coffee/tea cup brand except for the inane.  The Newman extra bold is the best "every day" coffee IMO.  There are others of course!  So order the Newman extra bold,  the Emeril big easy bold, and the sleepy time tea and you have the bases covered.  At least for my family, yer mileage will surely vary.
I used to think it was the best. Bought it when Amazon was having a one-day sale, which made its price pretty much the same as Coffee People Donut Shop (our regular brew). If we could get this Newman coffee at a matching price always, we would switch to it. It's dark and strong, without being bitter. Love it. (Edit 5/5/2011: I have now decided the Van Houtte Eclipse blend is my #1 favorite.)
Newmans own is the best coffee around for the price.  My keurig is breaking me because the cups are so expensive, newmans is as good as any coffee out there and the price is better than the rest.
This is a wonderful dark chocolate for those who are looking to get their chocolate fix with minimal calories and without sugar.  Each of these tiny tabs are only 13 calories, and it only takes a couple to really satisfy that "need" for chocolate.  It melts slowly in your mouth and is a rich, creamy chocolate.  I would NEVER know it was sugar free.  On top of all that... because it is 70% cocoa, it is FULL of antioxidants.The company is excellent.  I needed some additional nutritional information, sent them an email, and got a very prompt reply.One more thing... sometimes, just for a special treat, I will drop one or two of these into a hot cup of coffee.  That is completely yummy!
Keep in mind it does not matter if I like it or not, it will be your own taste buds that settle the matter BUT you can try a small pack and find out.  Maybe like me you will find a keeper.I can only drink DeCaf coffee - I always liked French Vanilla and Hazelnut flavors when I drank regular coffee and searched for one in DeCaf.  I have found it.  These are the best I have found and I am picky.
I agree with some of the other reviewers (for the NON-Classic syrup). I have been buying this product, mostly to add to coffee, for several years. At some point, I noticed that the flavor changed, and (to my palate at least), it was a change for the worse. After noticing some of the recent reviews, I made sure to order the "Classic" flavor when my supply started to run low. When it arrived, I taste-tested vs. the "non-Classic" syrup that I still had on hand, and (again, to my palate), the "Classic" tasted far superior. I suppose other people may prefer the new flavor, but for me, the Classic is the one I'll order from now on.
I have to admit that I haven't tried every different coffee available for K-Cup machines, but I generally find coffee made with it a little on the weak side - lacking a depth of flavor. This is by far my favorite K-Cup coffee. It has a definite depth and richness of flavor, while not being acidic. It's a very tasty cup.
I am always sceptical of trying a new flavor of Coffee pods, escpecially when you buy such a large quantity.  But this one was a WINNER.  Good flavor and strong enough, but not over powering.Beats Senseo by a mile.  Will soon try other flavors of Melitta.
This one is well thought out - perfect in every way!  I threw my old "My K-cup" out in the trash.  Did you know that some of the new Keurig brewers, such as the B-40, were redesigned a little?  Yes, and the new brewers don't allow the My K-Cups from Keurig to fit properly.  I called Keurig on this - and their customer service team says "some of the brewers were redesigned with slight changes that don't allow the My K-Cups to fit.  You have to move a small gasket down each time you switch between your K-Cups and your My K-Cup.  We don't have a new My K-Cup that works - so you need to just use this "work around" for the time being."  Now with my Eco-Brew - problems solved!  That's because it's the exact same size as the K-Cups!  No more changing the adapter in and out.  It works better too!  Coffee is stronger!  No more "hole down the middle" with weak coffee and wasted grounds that were never used.  Whoever designed this was a genius..... and too bad for Keurig they didn't think of it!
A very delicious  full-flavored cup of coffee.  My favorite when I am in the mood for a great BOLD cup! Yum!  And organic too!!
I am one of those K-Cup snobs, who loves a hot cup of fresh coffee each and every time I get a cup.  Sorry, brewing 10 cups that sit in the pot for an hour til I want another cup just doesn't cut it for me.  But K-cups can get expensive (running $0.40 - $0.60 per cup depending on the type).  Well, I picked up a packaged of Cafe Bustelo, and used the individual insert K-cup, and OMG!  None of my prepacked K-cups come even close to the flavor and intensity of this coffee.  It's bold but not bitter.  A scoop is fine for making a single cup, and I am guessing I'm going to have about 40 cups per 10 oz package.  Cuts my cost down into the $0.10 range per cup!So if you are a K-cup user, try this brand of coffee.  You will not be disappointed.  BTW: I purchase this locally at Walmart for about $2.80 per 10oz package...
I'm an espresso enthusiast but must watch my intake of saturated fats. This is the exact product used at the famous Blue Bottle coffee bar in San Francisco. I make it at home on prosumer level machines and find that it steams well into microfoam and has the best taste of any I've tried, including Silk Soy Vanilla Lite.
I purchased this product to use in an espresso pot de creme recipe and have ended up enjoying glass after glass of delicious iced lattes. They are simple to make and delicious. That said, the product is expensive if you do the math, though it is arguably less expensive than a latte at Starbucks or elsewhere. I like the fact that it is decaf and it is full bodied and full flavored. I highly recommend it. And by the way, the pot de cremes were otherworldly -very rich in coffee flavor despite using a decaf product.
I'm a big fan of flavored coffee. Usually you have to buy a drink that has been flavored but they come with tons of sugar. If not sugar the sugar replacement is a bit to nauseating. I love how this brew has the perfect aroma of vanilla that takes over the house in the morning. Will always look for an amazon bargain on this product.
This is a very smooth blend with such a light hint of vanilla that you might miss it if you weren't paying attention. You know its different but you don't know why ... and then it hits you. It's GOOD! Not overpowering like some flavored coffees; this one has just a hint of flavor and I think it makes it better.I brought this into work and shared it with colleagues; it quickly became one of our favorite blends. Not bitter at all, yet not weak at all either. A nice, smooth blend perfect for relaxing mornings as well as at work. I will be ordering more.
Subtle vanilla flavor if you don't like your coffee too heavily flavored. My husband, who usually doesn't care for "regular" Starbucks (unlike me) did like this coffee. I actually switched his out (Duncan Donuts) and he noticed it was different but said he really enjoyed it. As for me, I really prefer this to the VIA style with the sugar added, this is much more robust and stands well in an expresso. Nice product, I may give it as a gift for my coffee buddies!
My parents and I enjoyed drinking Starbucks Natural Fusions Vanilla Ground Coffee over the holidays.  Mom graciously made it with her antiquated percolator.  The coffee had an aromatic smell and rich flavor.  We drank it with International Delight Vanilla Latte Creamer.  I also drank it alone with Stevia, which is an all-natural sweetener used by health conscious people.  The Stevia enhances the vanilla flavor but I prefer using the creamer.  See my posted photograph.  I enjoy drinking coffee on cold winter mornings in order to warm and awaken me.  However, I don't want too much caffeine or I'll become jittery and agitated.  The recipe (instructions) on the bag calls for 2 Tbsp (10g) ground coffee for every 6 fl oz (180 ml) water.  My parents and I made it with 1 Tbsp ground coffee for every 6 fl oz.  The coffee still tasted great but it only had one-half the caffeine.  When I returned to work after the Thanksgiving holidays, I brewed the Starbucks Natural Fusions Vanilla Ground Coffee using my Keurig Mini Brewer, which makes individual cups of coffee.  I scooped the Starbucks Coffee into the Keurig My K-Cup Reusable Coffee Filter.  I also used International Delight French Vanilla Creamer.  My vanilla coffee was excellent.  It tastes much better than the coffee I brew using the French Vanilla K-Cups from Van Houtte and Green Mountain Coffee.  (See my posted photograph.)  Using Starbucks Natural Fusion Vanilla Ground Coffee in the My K-Cup Reusable Coffee Filter will save me a lot of money.  I personally believe that Starbucks would profit tremendously if they manufactured K-Cups for the Keurig.  As an extra bonus, the empty Starbucks Coffee bag can be taken to a local Starbucks restaurant and exchanged for a free tall (12oz) brewed coffee. I actually took this to my local Starbucks.  The barista gladly accepted the bag.  I enjoyed drinking the free coffee while eating a delicious Tarragon Chicken Salad Sandwich.  The meal and atmosphere were excellent.  After eating, I drank my coffee (I even got a refill) while comfortably reading a novel.  I'll have to go back to Starbucks again.  I think I'm hooked on the Starbucks Natural Fusions Vanilla Ground Coffee.  I'm going to have to try the other flavors in this new line, which include caramel and cinnamon.  (They are all available in most grocery stores.)  However, I've been drinking vanilla flavored coffee ever since I bought my Keurig One-cup Coffee Maker.  The Starbucks Natural Fusions is highly recommended for those who own a Keurig.  I used it to make coffee for several of my coworkers and they loved it.Joseph B. Hoyos
I like the idea of flavored coffees but I can't stand the sticky, syrupy, artificial flavor of most of the ones out there.  Starbucks has come up with a very subtle, natural-tasting vanilla coffee that strikes just the right balance of flavored and rich, dark coffee.  I did not detect an unpleasant aftertaste at all, and enjoyed the change from my regular, unflavored coffee.  I don't expect to be making a switch to always drink this, but as an occasional experience, I give it a thumbs up.
Normally, I don't drink flavored coffees but I saw that Starbucks was using real flavorings rather then artificial ones, so I thought I would give it a try.Generally, I use the Toddy T2N Cold Brew System and I wasn't sure if the vanilla flavoring would come through.I did a 24 hour cold brew with the 11 oz of pre-ground vanilla coffee with about two cups less water (since normally I do the cold brew with 16 oz of coffee).Well, the ground was perfect for the Cold Toddy system, the result was rich full flavored coffee syrup.  I have been mixing it with hot water for about one week and the Vanilla flavor is still coming through strong.The most surprising thing, though, was how quickly the water drained when I was making it.  The grind was perfect for the Cold Toddy system.I will definitely buy the Starbucks Natural Fusions again.
I'm a major coffee-fiend, meaning something of a purist, so I rarely partake of flavored coffees, preferring the natural nuances of regional varietals.But a flavored coffee can be a nice touch after a meal, in lieu of, or with, dessert.  I'm loath to buy specialty beans for these limited purposes, and flavored beans also leave hard-to-remove residue in grinders, even more of an issue if you use a burr grinder, like I do, which has parts that shouldn't be wet-cleaned.So, step back to pre-ground coffee.  Starbucks takes a lot of flack for various reasons, but they reaaly do know their coffee, and always have big, robust flavors-- exactly what a coffee fiend desires.  This flavored blend is no exception, it's dark and rich, with modest-but-noticable vanilla notes.  I brewed it in my Krups Moka Brew, for which about 1.25Tbsp per cup of water worked well for drinking it black.The grind is fine; much too fine for a French Press, but suitable for a drip coffee-maker with paper filters.This isn't a flavor I would drink every day, and I especially don't see it as a morning cup, but for after-dinner coffee, it's Recommended.
This is a nice, smooth, full-of-flavor coffee.  I have a tendency to like my coffee strong, but if this isn't quite so strong, the flavor is milder.  No complaints here.
My boyfriend and I both realized within the last year or so that we enjoyed Starbucks brand coffee best in our house, so it's one of our splurges. Since I work from home, I don't hit the coffee shops, I need to get my fix from the kitchen. He's also started bringing a travel mug to work instead of stopping off at a shop, so we find it's necessary to buy coffee we REALLY like. I was thrilled to try this and it didn't disappointed.I expected something like the usual vanilla flavored coffee. But this was more subtle and natural tasting. It was a startling surprise from what I'm used to when buying flavored coffees. There was nothing fake or overly sweet about it. Boyfriend also said he liked it a lot, which I didn't expect since he's not really a flavored coffee kinda person. Delicious coffee, and I look forward to trying the other fusion flavors.
First off, a funny thing, when I was making the first pot of coffee, my husband thought maybe it had gone bad and had worms in it or something. There are white slivers/specks in the coffee grounds, which I assumed were something from vanilla beans. I hope it was, otherwise I may have made worm larva coffee! So, onto my review!I enjoyed this coffee much more than the Melitta Cafe Collection Parisian Vanilla Ground Coffee I recently tried. Personally, I am a gold card carrying fan of Starbucks, so it shouldn't come as a suprise that I enjoyed this coffee. As a general rule, I would say if you enjoy Starbucks and you enjoy vanilla, you should enjoy this coffee. If you are not a fan of Starbucks, don't look for this coffee to be the magic sip that changes your mind.
Having already tried the caramel fusion and enjoying it, I decided to give vanilla a try.  I am not normally a fan of vanilla coffee as the smells is often more potent than the taste.  You can always tell when somebody has been in the room with vanilla coffee because the artificial scent lingers.  Whereas other vanilla coffees have the vanilla ending in the scent, this coffee has a nice mild taste that does actually hint of vanilla.  It is not a vanilla taste that overpowers the taste of the coffee like a sugary creamer, it is authentic and subtle.  The coffee even has a smooth mouthfeel that brings hints of creme soda.  Overall, this is a worthy addition to the Starbucks family.
I love this coffee.  It has the boldness of regular Starbucks coffee with a light vanilla flavor.  I love that it is not overpowered with an artificial vanilla taste like a lot of other brands.  This coffee is great if you love the bold flavor of Starbucks - however if you don't like a strong coffee, I would stear clear of this one.  I personally love Starbucks flavor and I love the natural vanilla flavor.  I brought this to work and my coworkers all agreed.  If you want a really sweet vanilla flavor, this is probably not for you.
this is without a doubt the best coffee you will ever taste.  i know........frank
Wonderful, wonderful flavor. If you like a rich columbian coffee, you MUST try this. I was not satisfied with any other of the k-cup coffees until I tried this. I'm used to very strong coffee, so I brew 2 k-cups on the small cup setting into to my large mug. Awesome, but kind of pricey. I just reported to Amazon that this is WAY cheaper at Target. It's on sale right now for $13.99 for 18 cups but even the regular price is only $14.99. The price I'm seeing today on Amazon is $20.35. Ouch!
After trying the 7-11 Blueberry coffee in the store I really hoped to be able to purchase the grounds. When I found this product on Amazon I ordered it right away. It came quickly and it's delicious coffee.  Great flavor and aroma and brewing a pot and having some leftover for iced blueberry coffee is a bonus treat. Each packet brews around 18 cups of coffee as I use one scoop for every 2 cups water. This is the "real deal" if you're looking for the 7-11 brand, you won't be disappointed.
I have to say I love this coffee. I was a tad too bold for me when I first tried it after using Senseo Dark Roast for years. But I have gotten used to it now.  The senseo is sooooo much better than Keurig (I have been in situations where it was the only thing available. It just isn't as good). I hate that Senseo makers and pods aren't in our US markets anymore. If you love senseo like I do adn love your coffee maker this coffee is a good fit. I hope Baronet keeps providing these.  Part of me wants to stock up in case they discontinue them as well lolIve tried several of the Baronet Pods and this blend is my fav.
The Baronet Dark Kenya Coffee has great taste. Nice packages and no coffee grains outside of the pods.Very good stuff!
While I am no fan of coffee, other members in my household love it.  This got rave reviews.This looks like it comes in a tea bag.  It's easy to make; you just brew it for a few minutes and wring it out.  You can make it the way you make tea by applying the bag concept.  This was a big hit with the coffee hounds..
My wife and I are coffee drinkers. We love the stuff. We're addicted. We've got just about every manner of coffee making device you can think of in our home, from French presses to cheap and expensive coffee making machines. And we have a one cup pod machine, sitting next to our Keruig machine.Why do we have all this coffee making paraphernalia? We're old, we've had more anniversaries, birthdays and Christmases than most and everybody we know, knows we love coffee.The above being said, how do I rate this coffee? And how does my wife rate this coffee? Four thumbs up, that's what we give it. Delicious. Just one word to describe it, that's all this coffee needs. Delicious. I'll say it again, Delicious.
This was the first time that I had tried any Marley Coffee but I really like it. It is certainly a high quality coffee and has an excellent flavor. I am a little picky about my coffee and usually stick to Starbucks Sumatra or Caff&eacute; Verona because I enjoy bolder and more flavorful coffee. Marley Coffee One Love blend is every bit as good as my favorite coffee and I really enjoy it. There are 15 single serve pods in this package and each pod is packed with plenty of coffee so it makes a great tasting cup of coffee. The pods and individually wrapped in foil so they stay very fresh and it makes them easy to store and carry with you.These pods are for a pod brewer not to be mistaken for a Keurig, Tassimo, CBTL or any other type of single serve coffee maker. I have noticed that some people are saying that these pods make week coffee and that just shouldn't be the case at all. They might be using them incorrectly or in the wrong type of machine if that is the case. The pods also tell you which side is up so maybe if you brew it backwards then it might make a difference but I honestly haven't tried it that way.
I drink two cups of coffee each morning and I make them with a pod brewer. I used to drink more. I'd make a pot of coffee in the morning and drink it all day. Sometimes I'd do two pots. It seemed that just the thought of that coffee waiting for me was all it took to get me out into the kitchen and pour another cup. The pod brewer was the answer. Now I make a cup when I get up and have my second cup with breakfast.I do have several different kinds of coffee, but after having tried this, I've been mostly sticking with it, because it's dark and rich and very good with kind of an earth taste that I really like.In fact this coffee is so good that sometimes, not all the time, but sometimes, I'll take a third cup upstairs with me to my home office. If you haven't tried this, I think you should. I think you'll like it.
Marley Coffee's Exotic Floral and Berry "One Love" organic medium Ethiopia Yirgacheffe is a great organic coffee with a rich, bold taste. I haven't tried anything remotely like it; it is definitely addictive. I tend to drink coffee that's heavily diluted with water and have found that the one serving coffee brewing bag can yield two full cups of coffee. However, please note that this is my particular take on drinking it; others may wish instead, a much stronger brew.
I've been drinking this coffee every morning for the last two weeks and I like it very much. I enjoy the flavor, the aroma and the aftertaste. I don't know what more to say, other than the fact that I'm a coffee drinker, I love it and I love this very excellent coffee.
I'll admit outright that I don't normally like coffee.  I'm a big drinker of hot tea though (and that's usually what I drink).  The only coffee I've ever had seemed terrible to me (then again, cheap crappy coffee probably really is terrible).  I wouldn't have normally ordered this, but the description sounded so nice and tasty that I decided to give it a try.  I went in not expecting to like it much though.So, I pulled out my boyfriend's tiny coffee pot to brew up some of this coffee.  The first thing that struck me as nice was that each packet of coffee is individually sealed, and each packet is contained in its own little filter (which is very convenient).  When I first brewed up a batch, I accidentally brewed it too weak (I made about 4 cups when the directions say to only make 1 cup).  I liked it a lot anyway; it reminded me of my favorite blend of carob tea.  To be fair to the coffee, though, I decided to brew it again following the directions properly.  It came out stronger (and I didn't enjoy the coffee bitterness as much) but it was still good.  I was able to drink it with only sugar and no creamer to dilute it's flavor.  I must say that in my limited experience, this is the best coffee I've ever tasted, but I think that I much prefer a light brew coffee.So, this is a great coffee for people who don't normally drink coffee.  Would a coffee lover actually enjoy it?  Well, if you like a really strong bitter coffee, then you really wouldn't care for this.  If you like a light or medium strength coffee, then you'll really love this one.  If you are just starting out with coffee drinking, this would be a good one to try out to ease you into it.  I liked it well enough that I'd even consider drinking it regularly along with my tea!  So, if any of this sounds appealing to you, go ahead and give it a try!
I like this coffee. It's a little different than the French roast I'm used to, but different in a good way. It's got just a hint of a smokey flavor. Maybe I'm not saying that right, but that's what it seems to me. It's rich, like French roast, but different, like I said. It's very good coffee.
I love the coffee and was looking to get a good deal on Amazon. My local supermarket sells the coffee for $6.99 for a 12 oz bag. Why can't Amazon put together a better deal?
This is the best coffee I've ever had...that is for sure..my hubby n I simply fell in love with dark roast!....would love to try some more!..thanks a ton Brooklyn Bean!!!!...U rock!!!
I have made my way though 6 of the k-cups and so far so good.  As far as grounds I have had none.  On the taste of the coffee, it's ok.  They claim flavor match to green mountain breakfast blend....not sure about that as I find it be a little more bitter on the back end.  Is it bad, no its not.  Is it a memorable cup of coffee not really.  Overall I put it in the same class as folders meaning somebody hands you a cup and you will drink it, but probably not ask what it was (good or bad).******Update 4-28-12******After my initial review, I was contacted by Brooklyn Bean Roastery asking if they could send me sample of the other roasts of coffe.  Today FedEx just dropped off 36 k-cups mixed between the different roasts.  Currently, I am drinking the Colombian and find it  to be very good.  Total I have run 15-20 of there k-cups through my Cuisinart with no grounds and no unusually long brew times.  Overall, I will keep my subscription I have change to a different blend than the breakfast blend which I originally ordered.
Ordered 4 boxes. 4 different flavors. Have had the same issues with grounds and explosion as the other posters with all 4 boxes. Very disappointed.Brooklyn Bean replaced all boxes immediately.  Have had no problem with explosions.  Coffee is good too.  Customer service is top notch.
Brooklyn Bean Roastery coffee is meant for nice flavour and taste. I used to take first in the morning as my bed coffee. I feel a very good day starts with Brooklyn coffee. I feel brisk and enthusiastic in my daily works. Relaxing with this Brooklyn Bean coffee at intervals and feeling tired. So, I regularly use this coffee in my house and office. I recommended this to my friends and relatives. They feel happy now and it acts as secret of energy booster. Price is cheap per cup of coffee when comapared to other coffees and shipping is also free to deliver on order.
if you like a good dark coffee like I do, brooklyn bean roastery, cyclone is a product for you! all of the companies coffees are delicious, but this 1 is tops in my book for dark, bold blend! I have even asked my grocery store to start carrying it! not 1 problem with exploding cups!
I bought this to try since it was new - or at least I had never heard of it.  it has become my favorite. there is no bitter aftertaste that many of the coffees have.  i really like it!
I have tried the Columbian k-cup and must say it is the best I have found to date, I have owned my Keurig brewer for about 1 yr and have found Brooklyn Bean coffees to have good verity and reasonable price. Customer service is excellent.
I'm probably on my 8th bag or so. I use it for espresso. It's a good coffee. In particular it does not have any nasty citric aftertaste. I know some people like citric aftertastes, I am not one of them.The 'biodynamic' label sounds really new-wave hookie pokish, but coffee tastes fine. 'organic' coffee is still mostly monoculture, and the old growth is chopped down anyway. That gets too political thought.
I had a little trouble arranging the monthly coffee shipping plan but the coffee beans are incredible- fresh, oily, darkly roasted to perfection.
This coffee is very tasty. I too noticed the decaf text on the bag when it arrived. I emailed Cafe Altura and Cindy from their offices confirmed that it is not decaf (which I suspected after a cup of this wonderful roast). She stated it is "just a description of our different processing methods". In fact she says that Amazon does not sell any of their decaf products at all. Hopefully this will end the debate as to whether their Amazon blends are decaf or not.
Great price for a significant amount of ground coffee.  For me, Yuban has always been, and continues to be, a most flavorful and intense coffee experience.  I love it!....and I'm sure you will to.  I urge you to give it a try.  I have always received compliments for the coffee I've served to my house guests and they are often amazed and pleased to learn that it's Yuban.
Yuban is the best coffee on the market. It has superior flavor, takes less to make a pot of coffee, and is totally satisifying. Too bad it isn't stocked at a reasonable price in more stores.
First time trying guayusa tea - just as described, smooth and stimulating.  Much easier on the stomach than coffee, no jitters (even though I drink 2-3 cups throughout the morning).  Delicious taste, too.  Even if I haven't slept well, the tea helps me feel energetic throughout the morning and afternoon.  Definitely lives up to its reputation.
we have tried many, many, coffees, my wife and I.  we agree this is the best for our tastes...so we continue enjoying it....
This green tea is delicious. My new diet calls for green tea or coffee only. I am not a coffee drinker and usually drink ice tea. This green tea is perfect hot or cold! I use Stevia and it taste perfect. With the cooler months upon us, this will make a great hot drink to sip on...not to mention the benefits of green tea! Buy it...you won't be disappointed!
This is one of the best coffees that I have ever tasted.I will always buy this brand.I am very pleased.
This is the real deal people.  This is real Jamaican Coffee.  There are a few brands that claim to be from Blue Mountain, but they do not have that authentic taste.  My wife is Jamaican and we have been to Jamaica a few  times, but I never seem to bring back enough coffee so  I set out to find a brand here in the states that would be atleast close to what you get in Jamiaca and this is it.  Wow what flavor!
The Wallenford Estate tends to be one of the better roasts of Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee.  (I find the Mad City roast to be slightly superior, but it is not available on Amazon.)  There are some barbarians in my local area who believe that extreme dark roast is popular, so they do this ultra scorch job on Jamaican Blue Mountain.  Wallenford Estate delivers promptly and withou any fuss.
I normally don't like any nut flavors in my coffee, but received this as a Christmas present, so I gave it a try.  I have been drinking Folger French Vanilla coffee for several years now because I love the smell of it brewing almost as much as the taste first thing in the morning.  However, the Copper Moon Hawaiin Hazelnut has now replaced the French Vanilla as my favorite coffee for smell and especially taste! This coffee doesn't have any bitter taste and the first cup in the morning is manna.
I have bought the donut shop blend many times and it is great!  Smooth light flavor.  Got a great deal on a 24pk for 14 bucks!  When i am out on the road and stop and your typical chain coffee places it doesn't taste as good after owning the kureig machine.  I love my kureig coffee maker! Best christmas gift that I have got in awhile!
GREEN MOUNTAIN DONUT HOUSE COFFEE LIGHT ROAST COFFEE 80 K-CUPS KEURIG- is one of the best coffee's I've ever had. I will purchase again.
This is my favorite coffee.  I drink a cup or two each morning.  To me, you cannot tell a differencebetween the decaf and caf flavor.  I prefer Donut House Coffee brand to others I have tried.  Nolingering aftertaste, no irritability caused.  Thank you for an enjoyable product.
Love this coffee. Am a big fan of K-cup coffee and when I ordered this coffee I didn't know what to expect but it's wonderful!
THIS WAS A GREAT GIFT TO MYSELF THE COFFEE IS GREAT THE TURN AROUND TIME IS OUTSTANDING THE PRICE IS BETTER THAN MOST PLACES AROUND TOWN.
Great medium coffee.  Nothing too fancy.  This is my goto coffee every morning.  The closest I have gotten to Dunkin Donuts coffee, without paying their ridiculous prices for their branded K-Cups.
This coffee is perfect for the morning. Not to strong but it gives you the perfect smooth jolt that we all crave in the AM..highly recommended.
Excellent coffee for someone who wants a medium roast, mild tasting cup of coffee.  I do not like the dark roast, strong, bitter coffees.  This one is perfect.
Very pleased with this product. This is not the first time I have purchased Green Mountain Coffee and it wont be the last.
When I bought my coffeemaker, tried out several different brands and types of coffee but this one has become a stable.  I can count on it for a great cup of coffee - not too strong or too mild, just the way I like it.  Unfortuantely, I now drink more coffee than I probably should because of the taste but that's the only downside.
this product tastes great, just like the coffee you expect from your local starbucks.  pricing and packaging are also great.  makes for a wonderful gift.  eNjOy!!!
Subtle vanilla flavor if you don't like your coffee too heavily flavored. My husband, who usually doesn't care for "regular" Starbucks (unlike me) did like this coffee. I actually switched his out (Duncan Donuts) and he noticed it was different but said he really enjoyed it. As for me, I really prefer this to the VIA style with the sugar added, this is much more robust and stands well in an expresso. Nice product, I may give it as a gift for my coffee buddies!
I've never been a big Starbucks coffee fan, for I always felt that it was much too strong, at least for my tastes. No matter how I would try to brew it at home, it just didn't taste good to me. Even in Starbucks locations I found the coffee too strong, so I was a little hesitant about testing out this new vanilla flavored coffee. I am pleased to report, however, that I am happy that I did. This new edition of Starbucks coffee has a very subtle flavoring of vanilla, not enough to overpower the taste of the coffee, unlike the jarring tastes in other companies' flavored coffees. It's light and goes well on the palate, and the best part is that it is not strong as the other products from Starbucks. That alone rates a 5 star award from me!
This 11 ounce packet comes ground ready to brew, no grinding required. My addiction to Starbucks coffee will only become more severe and less treatable with this new flavored addition to the Starbucks array of fine products. With my new coffee press, I envision many mornings of pleasurable tastings.
This is a vanilla flavored coffee for adult tastes. As you start to take a sip, floral and vanilla aromatics fill your mouth. What follows is pleasantly full, smooth and balanced, without the chemical aftertaste ubiquitous among cheaper brands of flavored coffees.Starbucks Natural Fusions Ground Coffee, Vanilla Flavored can be comfortably served in your home kitchen or at the office boardroom. The subtlety of the vanilla aroma will be a pleasant surprise for anyone asking for a cup of coffee. This is not a flavored coffee for people who drink coffee through a straw.We prepared our coffee using our Bodum Columbia 8-Cup Stainless-Steel Thermal Press Pot and refreshed our travel cup from a Thermos Nissan 34-Ounce Stainless-Steel Vacuum Insulated Briefcase Bottle. Each time we reopened the Thermos to warm up our travel cup, the car filled with the pleasant aroma of vanilla and roasted coffee.Rating: Five stars.For some perspective and balance, here are the other coffees I've reviewed for Amazon over the last six months:5 stars: Community Coffee Ground Coffee, Breakfast Blend4 stars: Melitta Cafe Collection Parisian Vanilla Ground Coffee4 stars: French Press To-Go SoloPress, Cafe Geva Fog Navigator Coffee4 stars: Starbucks VIA?? Ready Brew1 star: McSteven's Seattle Special Recipe Cafe Relax du Mocha
Update 12/7/10:  Now my law-enforcement, black coffee, no-frills husband wants me to always get this coffee. It's that good, and the vanilla just sortof creates a smoothness, or fullness that is very satisfying.I normally do not drink flavored coffee, and I don't add any sweetener to my coffee, either. I hate that chemical taste found with those artificially flavored coffees. I tried this because it said it has all natural flavors. They grind up actual vanilla beans and add that to the grounds. You can see them!Smelled amazing!  Wonderful flavor. Not overpowering. The vanilla (& sassparillo) give the coffee a delightful smoothness. Absolutely no artificial, chemical taste. You don't take a sip and say "wow, this is definitely flavored coffee." This will make a perfect after-dinner coffee, excellent in the morning, and any time of day. I'll be getting this again.
My wife and I love Starbucks coffee, so when had the opportunity to try their vanilla flavor, we took it. Just made a pot of it, and it is fabulous. I used to use sugar in my coffee, but this is perfectly sweet enough as it is. (Less sugar is healthier for you.) The only thing I would suggest is NOT following the directions of 2 tablespoons per 6 oz. of water... we use only 1 and it is plenty strong enough. But I guess that's a personal taste thing. Highly recommended.
For me, half the pleasure of a good cup of coffee is the aroma while it's brewing. Since I love the scent of anything "vanilla," I decided to try Starbucks Natural Fusions Ground Coffee, Vanilla Flavored, 11-Ounce Packages (Pack of 2). With this special blend, Starbucks promises "a subtle flavor and pleasant aroma."I looked forward to having it before breakfast yesterday, so was pleasantly surprised to wake up to a most delightful vanilla bouquet. That flavor called out to me, so I followed my nose straight to the kitchen where my friend Lynn was quietly reading the newspaper and sipping a cup. She hopped up and poured one for me and before I could say "Thanks," she added a big splash of vanilla creamer. Ouch! She knows I generally add different flavors of creamer to my coffee, too, but I had wanted to test the "subtleness" promised in the ad--without any additives. Anyway, it was delicious with the creamer and I was pleased with the product.My true test of this natural fusions blend came this morning when I indulged myself by trying it a la naturale... Oh, my! What a taste treat! "Wow," I thought, "this is real coffee!" The vanilla was just the right amount to blend with the other natural flavors for a perfect cup of coffee. It pleases my palate as well as my olfactory senses... Can't beat that!As an additional test, I brewed a pot for another friend who generally enjoys stronger coffee. Although he liked it, he said it wasn't strong enough for him. So, if you like very strong coffee, this might not be the blend for you...or perhaps I should have added more coffee per cup. But then that would have been for him, not for me. And just how far should I go for a friend? Hmmmm...I have the open bag of coffee beside me as I type this review. I'm sitting here sniffing like a kid breathing in the aroma of a newly-baked cake. How's that for indulgence. :-)Reviewed by Betty Dravis, December 10, 2010Author of "Millennium Babe: The Prophecy," "Dream Reachers" (with Chase Von) and other books
Vanilla to me is like licorice: one of those flavors with so many artificial, bad-tasting imitations that it's a pleasure to experience the real thing.Starbucks new Natural Fusions line of flavored coffee may say 'a hint of vanilla' but to my taste, the natural flavoring is richly aromatic and full-bodied. I take  coffee with milk and no sugar; the vanilla adds just enough sweetness without detracting from the coffee itself.Many flavored coffees are over-flavored, probably on the assumption they're competing with large amounts of sugar. The vanilla in Natural Fusions complements the fine coffee taste rather than competing or overwhelming it. It's all about balance. You want to preserve the experience of the main component while taking it to a new level. I think Starbucks got it right here.If you're trying to cut down on sugar (or you know you should but aren't), give Natural Fusions vanilla a try; you may find you don't miss the sugar as much as you think.Instructions: Raise the cup to your lips, inhale, take a sip, inhale again. Repeat to your heart's content.
I like my coffee black, without any sweetener, and prefer the dark roasts. But this was a nice change of pace. The vanilla aroma was pleasant, the flavor didn't overpower the natural coffee goodness, and it really made the kitchen smell good while it was brewing.I still prefer my coffee to be flavored like coffee, but I'd order this again for when company drops by, or to go along with dessert after a meal.Tastes pretty good cold, too.
I am generally wary of flavored coffee, finding much of it to taste less like coffee and more like cheap perfume.  The Starbucks coffee is what it claims to be....a fusion of flavors that compliment rather than compete with each other.  It is smooth, fragrant and mellow, good as is or with a bit of cream.  Fine accompaniment to reading or conversation.
I love these things, use them at work every day, so much easier than messing with a coffee maker for the office. Also use them when we travel, hotels never give you enough coffee bags in the rooms.
Just because these come in a tea bag type of pouch does not mean they can not be brewed in a single cup ($20) coffee pot. I tried this method of brewing single cups of coffee out of disgust with the price of the all-mighty K cups pods. With K cups, I found myself spiraling toward financial ruin simply to enjoy coffee in a single serving cup.So, for A FRACTION of the cost here is what I recommend. Purchase a $20 single serve coffee maker, doesn't matter the brand but this is the exact one I use with the metal permanent filter removed Single Serve Coffee Maker ...get the cheapest one you can find. All it is doing is heating water - keep that in mind. Put one of these tea bag style pouches in the filter compartment. Push it down really good in the filter holder and make sure the water won't flow around it as it hits the bag. Sit back and wait, soon you will have a perfect cup of Folgers coffee.I have not brewed a pot of coffee any other way since going to these. I have purchased hundreds of packets and have never been disappointed. I just hope Folgers doesn't realize what they have here and jack up the price.So...cut yourself loose from the K cup cycle and with the cash you save treat yourself by purchasing one of the out-of-service space shuttles, or send an entire class of graduates at your local school to Harvard.So...cut yourself loose from the K cup cycle and with the cash you save treat yourself by purchasing one of the out-of-service space shuttles, or send an entire class of graduates at your local school to Harvard.
I thought this was great coffee, among the best I ever had. My only problems was it was 3 times the price of my regular French roast, but is par for the course with gourmet foods. The other thing is  I couldn't have ordered it on a continuing monthly basis automatically like I finally did for eight o'clock French roast.
I have bought from this seller before and have never experienced anything but pure joy. The vanilla beans I use in both to make vanilla sugar (simply put two beans in your sugar canister and within one week - voila, amazing vanilla infused sugar! It makes anything that you use sugar with extra amazing...really!), and various dessert sauces including my famous coffee infused caramel sauce. ([...])The fresh vanilla beans are carefully packaged and arrived before the expectant ship date - couldn't be more happier. If you haven't tried using vanilla beans before, don't be shy! At this great price, you really cannot go wrong. Yummers!
I've long been a fan of Millstone Hazelnut coffee. It is a welcome pleasure that it is now available for Keurig coffee makers in a k-cup.I've tried all the other hazelnut k-cups. What I found with them was an almost pungent, smack-in-the-face artificial flavor. These k-cups, however, offer a subtle more subdued, almost creamy, even flavor and taste.To comment on the price:  I too was lucky enough to get it at the .40 a cup price.  Don't blame Amazon on the price/availability increase.  I've noticed a lot of (unfavorable) changes in regards to the pricing and availability of k cups on Amazon.com.  I emailed Amazon customer support and inquired about the changes.  In there words, "Due to a change in the manufacturer's distribution policies..." was the reason for the price/availability differences lately.Too bad, too.  I hope the manufactures get the acts together.  In my opinion, it behooves companies to work with Amazon, not against it!
I keep these coffee beans on my Amazon wish list - it's great.  I store the big bag in the freezer, and refill a smaller bag to feed my daily caffeine addiction!
These cookies didn't disappoint.  They are delicious and go really well with a cup of tea or coffee.  They have just the right amount of sweetness...not cloying.  (I think American desserts usually go overboard on sugar).  I highly recommend them.
The Lavazza Super Crema Espresso Whole Bean Coffee is the best coffee I've found. We used to buy the regular Lavazza locally, but this has a nicer crema & a much better price in the coffee club here at Amazon. I have a Saeco espresso machine & I look forward to brewing this up every morning. I love the convenience of having the coffee delivered right to my door. I can always change the delivery date if I find we aren't using it quick enough, or need it sooner. This was the first club like this we tried with Amazon, & I have been very pleased with it. I'm getting a high quality coffee for a great price & with no hassle.
Coffee is so good that I placed it on subscription shipping. I love that it is delivered on a regular basis, so I never run out. I make my coffee in a Jura Capressa machine, I fill it with Lavazza Super Crema Espresso Whole Bean Coffee. Makes a fabulous cup of coffee that you will love to drink and serve to guests. Packaging is done very well.
I had read lots of reviews on the BEST coffee for my superautomatic espresso machine and this blend kept popping everywhere.  I have tried many other espresso beans, and this was the best.  Great smooth flavor and the best crema. And the beans aren't too oily, so they don't clog the grinder.  I go through the beans so quickly that I'm glad it's available in this larger bag.  Thanks Lavazza, I'll be buying this blend for life.
Half caff makes a great cup of coffee at home in our Keurig - it is somewhat expensive for making coffee at home.  The consistency makes it worthwhile.
I am not allowed to have too much caffeine as it sets my heart arrythmias off . However, no matter what decaf I tried I hated the taste. I have been using this for a month now, and not only is it fantastic tasting, there are no jitters or no caffeine effects like with pure coffee. This tastes so delicious and I can have several cups in the morning. Also Amazons price cannot be beat.
My first cup, I said "wow" -- Henry's Blend is my favorite coffee now.On their site, the new "Level Four" says "Rich, Elegant, Complex (For Henry's Blend Fans)"
Consistent smooth flavor that is a bit more robust than mid range roasts without the strong bite that some of the darker roasts have.  I like to create my own coffee "brews" and ofter pair Seattle's Best 4 (Henry's Blend) with Givalia Traditional Roast for my morning coffee.
I tied Lavazza at a coffee house in Milano and really enjoyed the taste. It doesn't have the bitterness that you find in almost all coffee houses in US. It is very full flavored coffee. I couldn't find it in US, not even at small European food stores. I searched online and Amazon has the best deal if you sign for regular delivery. You don't have to spend $300 to $400 for an espresso machine when you have an excellent quality coffee.
We have a semi-automatic espresso maker and this is what goes in it.  Amazing flavor, no bitter undertones at all, beats the local coffee houses' espresso (which was unexpected for pre-ground).  5 stars!
I have been looking for a good substitute for a morning McDonalds Mocha (which I had officially become addicted to). I brew this in my travel mug coffee maker, add some milk, french vanilla liquid creamer, equal, a bit of chocolate syrup, and reddi whip and I'm good to go.  Addiction/money wasting done for!!
First had Lavazza at a local coffee shop and was floored. To me, this is what coffee should taste like. It is bold and strong, but no bitterness whatsoever. I recently bought a Curtis commercial coffee maker and was hoping for the same experience from my office and home. After a few different coffees (mostly local whole bean), I was disappointed that my coffee wasn't turning out as good as the cafe I went to. To my surprise, the next time I visited the local grocery store, I saw this Lavazza brand in the Italian isle. I immediately bought it and brewed it that night. After the first sip, I knew I had hit the jackpot. This is what I have been waiting for. All along it had been the coffee making the difference. The Curtis helps significantly with ensuring the proper temperature of the brew, but it is really the coffee that makes all the difference. I am impressed in the packaging and was surprised how packed they are able to get the ground coffee.BTW - I have only used this for my drip coffee maker - have not used it for espresso yet. For my taste, one coffee scoop (1/8 cup / or 2 tablespoons) for every 16 oz of water.As long as Amazon or my local grocer carries this coffee, I will be buying it. Wish I could give it more than 5 stars. .
Yes i did say drip. I have now tried 2 different lavazza brands. This is the better of the two but do not discount the other as i love it equally. I will continue to buy both as i love the occasional change up. If you use this in a drip coffee pot i would suggest staring out with using just over half of the normal amount you usually use then move on from there. With other brands including starbucks i would use 1 - 1.5 scoops per cup. So in my 5 cup maker depending on what taste i was going after i would use up to 8 scoops. With both lavazza coffees i have found 3-3.5 scoops is ideal in my 5 cup maker. It takes a few times to get it in your head that so much less coffee works but it does.
I'm no coffee aficionado but I know what doesn't suck, and this coffee doesn't. It works well in my stovetop espresso maker as well as in the ol' Bunn. When I use it in my French press it's pretty dreggy but I like it like that. Alls I can say is this coffee is bold and flavorful and has pretty much become my everday coffee.
Very good product - K-Cups are our only choice now and this coffee is our only coffee.
Out of all the coffees I have tried in the last two years Emeril and Black Tiger are the only ones able to produce a great cup of coffee when the full cup option is chosen. Emeril's has a strong taste without being bitter.
I've had my Keurig for almost a year and have not been happy with the wimpy strength of the K-cups.  Emeril's  "Big Easy Bold" delivers a good strong cup of coffee.  Hooray!!
I have been drinking Emeril's for almost 2 yrs. and have been constantly looking for another favorite. I have tried everything. This is still #1 on my list. If you like strong, bold coffee, this is for you.
I keep buying Emeril's Big Easy Bold K cups because I am limited to about one cup of REAL coffee each morning, and this is REAL, STRONG and DELICIOUS. If you like your coffee strong and use K-cups, this is the one for you.
Love the strong bold taste. So good you can get two cups from one pod. I have a latte cup and fill it , first cup large size than small size. Gives you one large wonderful cup of coffee.I love the convenience of ordering at Amazon and the price is the best.
I tried this drink baased on all of the reviews that I had read, and I did read all of them. I personally liked all of the three flavors and am thinking of including them in care packages to send to Deployed Service People overseas.Also I did take heed at the warning from another reviewer and did not drink coffee that day until after I figured out how much the caffeine from this product would hit me. I'd suggest the same for anyone trying this product so they don't go onto a caffeine overload.Overall Happy With My Purchase.
Great coffee at a good price. I'm a subscription buyer and I buy this month after month. What more can I say?
I am on a course of chemotherapy; and I am therefore not allowed to drink regular coffee because it has caffeine. I tried Nescafe Taster's Choice decaf coffee and I was very much in love!This coffee can be made in any coffee pot or coffee maker. The coffee is consistently tasteful.You probably should refrigerate the container after you open it; but I have left it outside on my kitchen countertop and the coffee I make with this still tastes fine. If you're lucky enough to catch a great sale on this terrific decaffeinated coffee I would suggest that you stock up. You can even put the unused containers in your freezer for up to several months, maybe even a year. It will stay fresh and taste every bit as good after you let it defrost.All in all, Nescafe Taster's Choice is an excellent decaffeinated coffee and it remains extremely popular. Buy some and try it today--you won't be disappointed!
I've been drinking coffee for a little over 50 years. I started too young with the strong, black kind. No cream or sugar, just super straight! Lots of it, every day, daylight to dark. I built up such an immunity to the caffeine no way it kept me awake. Didn't give me any extra energy either. What it did do was help raise my blood pressure! So, along comes Taster's Choice. It's instant, oh God, not brewed, not dripped, not steamed, it's instant. That can't be good now can it? On top of that it's {{{shudder}}} DECAF! I've had to give up so much. Smoking, refined sugar, white flour, salt! It isn't fair that I now have to settle for Instant Coffee and Decaf to boot. **sigh** I begrudgingly fixed a cup, followed the directions. I looked at it for a bit before that first sip. I finally put it to my lips and *slurp*. Hmmm, not too bad, but then it was still pretty hot so I waited again and then took a gulp. I waited for the gag reflex to set in. It didn't happen. Hmmm again. As it turns out, it was pretty darn good. I have to be fair, it's darn good and I can easily live with it. It's well worth the price (compare the same in the stores, weight etc. and all) I just may actually live longer as a result and as Martha says "That's a good thing".
I drink Pumpkin Spice year-round, the flavor of this coffee is great yet not too strong.  This was a much better deal than buying it at the grocery store and everything arrived as promised ~ couldn't have been easier!!  Cases of this would make great gifts during the holidays ;-)
Good coffee for when you can't go to the local coffee shop, and want a pumpkin coffee at home.  I use this to make pumpkin lattes every morning.  Just the right amount of spice, not overpowering.  I wish they made this coffee available year round, but it is only available for a few months in the fall.
I love these Fiber One Bars Oats and Chocolate.  They're very tasty and satisfy my chocolate craving.  Granted, these aren't the most healthy thing in the world, but given that my other breakfast options are either a) no breakfast, b) the drive thru with the shortest line on my way to work, or c) Pop Tarts, they're far healthier than my own personal alternatives.  They're chewy, sweet and easily portable (a huge plus for a busy worker and student).I generally get far, far less of the daily recommended fiber, so this was a fantastic way for me to increase my fiber intake and actually eat breakfast most mornings.  I actually found that eating one of these in the morning along with a big bottle of water spiked with some sort of calorie free flavoring (like Crystal Light) kept me very full until lunch, and sometimes later.  So I wasn't contemplating eating my keyboard by lunchtime anymore.At 140 calories per bar, they aren't super low in calories.  But I've also tried a number of the 100-calorie bars with flavors like Oreo, Chips Ahoy, etc, and the Fiber One Oats & Chocolate are larger, more filling, way higher in fiber, and taste a lot better, all for only 40 more calories.  It does contain 4 g of fat, with 1.5 g of that as saturated (bad) fat.  On the plus side, it does have 1.5 g of monounsaturated (good) fat, no cholesterol and is low in sodium (only 90 mg or 4% RDA).The main pro for me has been the 40 pounds lost that a healthier diet and exercise helped me to achieve, and Fiber One has been a part of that healthier diet.  These are certainly healthier than my usual morning routine; I could only eat 3/4 of ONE Pop-Tart for the same number of calories (and be honest, who ever only eats even one of the Pop Tarts in the little foil pack?  Not me, I always eat both, so one of these bars is approximately 1/3 the number of calories as the two-pack of Pop Tarts, with 9 times more filling fiber).I never had the gas or upset stomach problem that others have mentioned on here, and I usually have a pretty sensitive digestive system.  If you don't usually eat much fiber, there is the off chance that you'll have a few less than pleasant reactions to increasing your fiber.  I had no such problems, and have learned that the increased fiber makes me fuller longer than pure carbs like Pop Tarts and that my digestive system seems to be working better now that I'm getting an extra boost of fiber.  Give them a try and see how they work for you!My diabetic dad and I both love these.  My dad has not noticed any significant impact on his blood sugar levels or how he feels after eating these, and they're so good that he sometimes eats two or three at a time.  He calls them his candy bars.In terms of flavor, the chocolate is my favorite.  I don't like peanut butter in anything, but I guess that flavor is okay if you like peanut butter.  I don't like the apple or the strawberry; they're too chewy and don't actually taste like fruit in any way.  The caramel was okay, but almost too sweet for me (and that's hard to accomplish!).  I haven't tried the mocha because I don't like coffee either.  The chocolate is great though, it does taste almost like a chocolate bar and is very yummy for chocoholics like me!So, overall, I highly recommend that you give these a try.  I've found these bars to be fabulous, and I stock up when they go on sale because I know that I will (eventually) eat them all.  I keep a couple in my purse, car, and desk drawer- you never known when you're going to get stuck working through lunch or sitting in traffic until Doomsday.
I ordered this to go along with a diet plan.  I strongly dislike any artificial sweetners - they leavean awful taste in my mouth.  I'd rather drink nothing than a diet soda.  But a friend recommended itto go along with a pretty restrictive diet.  I now use it everyday in my coffee.  I also add it tosome sparkling water to make what taste to me like cream soda!  Put a splash of cold coffee in it too -yummy!
Sweet Leaf's vanilla creme stevia is a revolutionary product for those of us who love the vanilla cream flavor in our coffee (or in the fabulous coffee substitute Dandy Blend) without the icky dairy coffee creamer with ingredients that you can't even pronounce. I have ordered several other flavors. Highly recommend!
I have been on the HCG diet two times and have tried a variety of these drops and this flavor is by far the best without an after taste.  Great for coffee.  I don't even miss the cream!  Would HIGHLY recommend.
This coffee taste great! I mix it with my regular coffee in equal preportions for everyday drinking. It makes all the difference! (This makes is last twice as long!)
These ladyfingers have the perfect texture needed for making tiramisu. The recipe calls for dipping ladyfingers in a coffee liquor before laying in the dish. These ladyfingers kept their shape and absorbed the right amount of liquid to turn out a beautiful and tasty dessert. When I need ladyfingers again, I will definitely order these again.
The flavor of this coffee is great, the price is in line with other by-the-pound brands and far superior. And as a bonus, we are able to buy the same coffee for our French press and for our espresso machine. Since we drink espresso only occasionally it would go stale before we could finish a package, but this is always in the house and fresh and need only be ground as needed.
Great product. It is now a staple in our house. I don't notice the splenda taste that everyone is talking about, tastes like a chai latte from any coffee stand to me...and I am picky!
Best Pumpkin Spice coffee I have purchased for the Keurig coffee maker.  Just make it on the middle setting to not water your coffee down.This one blows away the watered down, lack of flavor Timothy's brand that I purchased on sale.Its worth the few extra bucks to get the Green Mountain brand.This comes from a Keurig Kcup veteran !!!Enjoy !!!John
Generally, I love k-cups- so easy to make! I'm not usually a coffee drinker, so I don't even know how to work a regular coffee pot, and using the Keurig is even easy for me.Specifically, I love the Green Mountain pumpkin K-cups! The flavor is rich, very pumpkin-y, and sweet enough that with some cream and sugar, I (again, not really a coffee person) drink it every day. Pumpkin coffee is definitely now one of my favorite things about fall.
I get this coffee from my elderly aunt who has a Keurig Brewer, and loves the brewer. She like a variety of coffees and teas. She really loves this Pumpkin Spice coffee. She says it's yummy. She likes it at night or really anytime.
This coffee is an absolute treat anytime of day.  I thought it would be too overpowering and it totally isn't.  If you are a flavored coffee drinker, it's excellent!  If you aren't, it's worth it just for the smell!
Many of us like Irish Cream in our coffee -- it takes away the bite.  Try this Chocolatey variation.  You won't be sorry.
I don't have a pod coffeemaker, so I cut open the packets and put the coffee in my coffee jar when I ran out of the the French roast that was in it. I use one scoop of coffee with my Bodum French press every morning.So how did this coffee fare? Very well. I didn't find it too weak nor two strong. Very robust, not harsh. I don't think I'd recommend buying it if you have to cut open the pods and pour out the coffee the way I did, but you can buy the One Love Whole Bean Organic coffee from their website and grind it yourself. However, if you do have a pod brewer, then I'd recommend the pod version here without any reservation, because this is very good coffee.
If there is a negative statement to be made it would be that this product makes only one cup at a time. I enjoy my coffee and found that this brand lives up to its description. Besides the flavor, this brand goes the proverbial extra mile in being earth friendly. The packet describes the treatment of the workers and plants as well as states that part of the proceeds go to an organization started by this brand --- Kicks For Causes-- which assists in the development of youth soccer programs. As stated on the package "the proper place for a child is on the playground, not in the workplace". A statement we as consumers need to be more mindful about!
I drink a lot of coffee and tea everyday, my normal brand is Gevalia Limited Edition but I like trying different brands when the mood strikes me, as it did here.I don't have one of these machines that uses the pods but my normal use machine is the Keurig and I personally fill the K-Cups with which ever coffee I'm in the mood for, and it was simple to empty one of these pods into my re-usable K-Cups and I'm glad I did.I'd read the different reviews and the opinions were all over the place and I think it had to do with the preparation that each person used. I decided on the Keurig because I just wanted a single cup this afternoon but in the future I will brew several cups using the French Press (LOVE! the Richness with the press)But enough about the style of the maker and back to the matter at hand, the coffee!It's a delightful, full and rich tasting coffee and I will be enjoying it and I'll be ordering more because it's great stuff.It's a joy to find a coffee this good because most leave a lot to be desired.
I found this coffee to be very tasty!  We have a traditional coffee pot so I used a few packs per pot, and that worked perfectly.  Don't miss an opportunity to try this coffee- you'll love its smooth mellow flavor-very good!
These single-serve pods are everything good; Eco-friendly, "Ethically Farmed * Artesian Rosted," organic, and when you're done, it's ready for the compost bin. Other than the "This Side Down" printed on each pod, there are no directions on the package, but they are intended for use in most home and office brewers....and I guess perfectly acceptable to use like a tea bag, which I tried and got a very tasty cup of coffee from it.The aroma when you break open the individually wrapped little pod package is tantalizing, and the flavor very robust. The box is full of references to the great Bob Marley, and the company is owned by his son. There are other icons on the box too, from the coffee producers, ITAL, who are "...committed to sourcing the finest quality 100% Arabica beans" and "Kicks for Cause" which sends a portion of the proceeds to charity.All in all, this "Exotic Floral and Berry" blend makes a very nice cup of coffee, and is extremely handy if you are busy, so get your One Love pod in a brewer or cup and enjoy! I'm factoring the convenience of the product into my rating. If this was loose coffee, it would get 4 stars.
I must admit that I was skeptical when I requested this item believing that the only way to a great cup of coffee was to brew it.  I most certainly was wrong.  This coffee is great.  Just add boiling water and you are good to go.  Perfect for work or when you just don't need to make a whole pot of java.  The taste and aroma are wonderful.  Will be purchasing more in the near future.
The smell in the single serve package is a little off putting, but I suspect that that's because it is actually the smell of good, organic coffee. Even brewing, the smell is a bit sharp, but that first cup is...Wow...I was shocked drinking it, actually. The flavor was not too terribly robust, but not so weak as to be merely coffee-flavored water. Indeed, the flavor is one which is almost minty, but not overbearingly so. I love my dark, robust coffee (the dark the better) in the mornings when I would rather climb under the bed. This coffee, however, seems to be one that I can drink with just about anything thing, at any time.As a matter of fact, I'm going to have other cup now.If you are looking for a fair trade, organic coffee that doesn't taste like it, but will add flavor to your morning without tons of sugar and non-dairy dairy creamer. This is a coffee I could drink without that stuff.Good stuff!
I like this coffee. It's a little different than the French roast I'm used to, but different in a good way. It's got just a hint of a smokey flavor. Maybe I'm not saying that right, but that's what it seems to me. It's rich, like French roast, but different, like I said. It's very good coffee.
I ordered this coffee because its a breakfast blend meaning its on the mild side.  I think if you like a mild cup of coffee you will enjoy Timothys Breakfast Blend.  And its priced right!
It's been hard for me to find K-cup coffees that have a smooth, mellow, yet flavorful taste with which to start my day.  Most dark roast coffees taste burnt and bitter to me and must be greatly diluted before drinking.  Timothy's Breakfast Blend breaks that rule and provides the best cuppa I've had other than Green Mountain, and at a much lower cost.  Amazon's big box packing adds value and their delivery is super fast!  I'll buy this one again and again.
I just received a Keurig coffee maker for my birthday & a package of 12 different varieties of K-cup coffees. Every one was much to strong & bold for my palate! What they consider medium is still very strong.I ordered the Timothy's breakfast blend from Amazon & was delighted at the flavor! Milder with a slight hint of boldness. I like the flavor & it's not too mild,either. Just right as I am not a fan of strong coffees.Very satisfied with this product. :)
Smooth and not bitter.  Gives a jolt without jitters all day.Timothy's Breakfast Blend is a great morning coffee .
I like the convenience of this product in a 50 count box. It's good coffee, one cup at a time.I hope the price will not change.  thanks...........
The timothy's coffee has a rich aroma and a smooth taste on the way down and does not leave any bitter after taste.
This is really good coffee and the price is right.  My husband enjoyed this coffee as well.
This particular brand of K cup coffee has been awesome. My husband and I have both  enjoyed it and will purchase again.
More than 1/2 way through the box already and taste and quality of cartridges has been great.  I prefer a bold tasting coffee and this is a great match.  The Keurig brewer is great for a quick fresh cup and these cartridges work perfectly in the machine.  The aroma is terrific and fresh during brewing.
Fair price, good cup of coffee. Came to the house quickly. Would buy this product again. Took a case to work, they also loved it.
This is my go to coffee right now, it is very smooth and taste very expensive.  I also had Newmanns own extra bold that I loved but now they are off to the side while I dive into these..
This is the BEST coffee for the Kurig! Also get the decaf and it is delicous - I would recommend it
Actually, I'm on my 3rd jar of this Coconut Oil.  I use it in cooking, in my coffee, and on my skin.  In fact, this oil has cleared up problems that I have had on my cheeks, little white bumps, almost completely!I love sauteing chicken in the oil as it helps keep it moist and also has a delicious flavor with the chicken; a plus are that the pan scrapings are delish! :)  I also add a teaspoon to each cup of coffee I drink.  I don't use sugar for sweetening but do use half and half but have found that I need less cream when I add the oil.  I started using a tablespoon but that was too much in that I almost couldn't leave the house, if you know what I mean.There is a book I reviewed about coconut oil too so if you are a "coconut oil beginner", I suggest reading the book I reviewed as it has a lot of useful information.
I heard about drinking sage tea on the Dr. Oz show. Though sage is most commonly used in cooking, sage tea has been shown to boost alertness and mood, while decreasing anxiety, I was told.I find it very soothing. I was surprised that I actually like the taste. It's a woodsy taste just very appealing. It always makes me feel good afterward. The tea is caffeine free so I normally drink it in the afternoon or evening as I still need the caffeine coffee provides in the morning.This is a great product and I will most likely order it again.
Great "coffee" experience with a lot more flavor and no stimulants.  Enjoy drinking it in the mornings. You don't have to be concerned that you will be awake all night if you drink it in the evening too. Gives me a lift but no jitters.  Much better than coffee.
I really love my CBTL coffee machine and the coffees  offered on Amazon are a great price (better than the CBTL site) and there are many flavors. I am still going through all the different kinds I bought. The mocha java and creme brulee as well as House espresso are very good. They do pack a punch however. If you can drink these with no creaner or sweetener, you are sporting a pair. I hate weak coffee, but these CBTLs are pretty strong. However, in spite of strength, you still taste the flavor.
this is the best coffee. I've tried many k cup coffees and this one is the best one that i have found so far.
I love Caribou coffee and the convience of the K-cup! So easy and tastyAnd you can't beat the price!
I concur with the prior reviewers and independently came to the same conclusion. After going through everything in the variety pak, this particular coffee consistently came out on top. These K cups are a bit pricey, but still a better deal than Starbucks by far.
This coffee is so good. I am a diehard dunkin donuts fan but the value of the caribou is unbeatable. I drink it every morning and have placed multiple orders. I love it!
Caribou coffee is the next best thing to roasting the coffee beans yourself.  I highly recommend caribou coffee when using the keurig machine.
I can't find anything that isn't absolutely perfect about this eye cream...(except perhaps the pump which when I'm half the way through clogs up and I have to take the top off and scrape it out).  Small price to pay for this really inexpensive product.The scent is vanilla/coffee (and I really don't care for either scent), but it smells different than most artificially scented beauty items because it truly is 100 percent pure.  The vanilla/coffee disappears very quickly.It has the perfect consistency for both upper and lower lids, and the perfect slip for makeup (the makeup goes on right over it...perfect)  I don't get the reviewer who had it in her eyes for days, but maybe her eyes are shaped differently.  I don't use very much, but when I do get a little too much out I put some on my cheeks (makes a really good anything cream).  I also always put some over my upper lip as I do with any eye cream to help with a few vertical lines.  I was using a very high end product which I really liked (never thought I'd use anything else), and then I gave this a try, and I just can't go back.Just had to write this review because I'm purchasing my fourth bottle.Update:040612-After trying the new packaging with the pump, I wish I could take off a star.  The product is still remarkable (even better, acually), but the new pump...well...it broke off at the top (and I'm very easy on my things), and I nowhave to squeeze it out.  I'm going to have to buy the smaller version.  I will never be able to get it all out.
So far I am very pleased with the product.  I ordered it when I saw it advertised and demonstrated on Dr. Oz (highly respected program with good recommendations).  The product appears to work very well.  Definitely love the smell... has the smell of fresh coffee.
Very prompt customer service, very helpful and eager to please. Thank You.I would very much purchase this coffee cream again, especially now that I know it does not expire so quickly.
This conveniently-sized pod fight perfectly into my Senseo machine, and brewed up a first-rate cup of coffee.From the moment I opened the recyclable packaging, the wonderful coffee aroma assured me I was in for a treat. The flavor didn't disappoint. Smooth, complex, and rich, with a subtly floral note, this coffee was head and shoulders about my usual Senseo pods, and in my opinion, far superior to the burnt and bitter notes of a certain overpriced but popular coffee chain.A fair trade product that donates funds to a children's soccer charity (rather than turning a blind eye to child labor), Marley Coffee is a morning cup you can enjoy with a clear conscience.Normally, I drink more tea than coffee, so I don't consider myself an expert, but I know what I like, and for me, Marley Coffee was definitely a treat. I received a free sample for review, but I'll definitely be purchasing my next box.
I didn't have high hopes when I got this, but was very pleasantly surprised.  It's not a strong coffee, but it does have fantastic flavor.  I am definitely getting this again.
When I selected this, the description at the time did not say it was pods, or I would not have chosen it. I don't have a pod coffee maker (as much as I think they are adorable!)I just started drinking coffee beverages last year, I've always hated the taste of coffee but found I can stand it with cream and some flavored syrup (thanks McDonald's and Starbucks!). Cost being what it is, we started making these drinks at home, with coffee we bought at the store or Sam's. (Folgers and the like) So, since I'm a coffee newbie, I'm not up on all the varieties and tastes and roasts, and just thought that all coffee was the same.I brewed up a small batch of coffee in my pot, using one pod and 2 cups of water. I took a sip of the coffee before putting anything in it and I was shocked that I actually liked the taste of this. Normally coffee is so bitter and strong tasting to me, but this had a sweet floral-tinged taste to it. When I made my usual cream/syrup contribution to it, I found that the background taste was wonderful! It was so smooth and didn't have any kind of bitter aftertaste as I am accustomed to when making coffee.The package is pretty enough that you could give this as a gift to a coffee lover! I would serve this to company and be proud that it tastes better than the Folgers I normally have. This was a nice surprise, and opened up my taste buds to the possibility of better quality coffee than I am used to.
Graham crackers are a staple in our house. We are all cutting down on fat and salt, and the 16-ounce packages from Amazon fill the bill at a teriffic price. They are great alone with a cup of tea or coffee, or served along with fruit or yogurt. Great stuff!
This is awesome, awesome tea.  Does not taste like coffee - though I can see how it has a sort of grain-based civil-war coffee stand in appeal to it.  My favorite Celestial Seasonings tea was Almond Sunset which they discontinued - it was AWESOME.  This tastes someone what Almond Sunset, but without the amaretto tones.  I am scared they will discontinue this, though my husband is convinced that will never happen.  I think I may buy a few cases just in case.If you loved Almond Sunset, you will like this tea.
Green Mountain Coffee "Southern Pecan", for Keurig Brewers is an excellent medium brewed coffee.  I enjoy the "Southern Pecan" flavor that compliments a variety of foods and is a treat on its own.  Unlike some flavored coffees that claim to have flavor...I have found that "Green Mountain" pulls of the balance of richness, aroma, good taste and flavor.
I'm only a little bit of a coffee nut, but I really like this coffee. My fiance's father brought some back from Costa Rica while he was there on business. I have just finished my bag and already miss it. This was one of the best coffees I have tasted. Well balanced, not too acidic, not too bitter, just right in my opinion. It's really good served traditionally hot, but it's also great iced. And as with all coffees... it's best if you get whole bean and grind it yourself.My opinion... a must try!
I use this every time I go to the gym. It's one of the better tasting powders and it allows me to drink coffee (which I like), for caffeine, and then rely on this Cytomax for energy throughout the workout, plus ease the acid build-up in the muscles that can make you want to puke. Make leg and intense workouts easier. I don't see the point in having the caffeine in the drink when the caffeine will not really get into the system until your workout is almost done. I tend to drink some caffeine half an hour before the workout and then use the Cytomax during the workout.
I drink STASH PREMIUM MOROCCAN MINT GREEN TEA all day with no adverse "overdose" effects from caffeine.  The flavor is not grassy like some green teas, but very clean.  I don't normally like mint taste in anything other than gum or toothpaste, but this mint is subtle and goes great with the clean taste of the tea.  Besides green tea, the ingredients are spearmint, lemongrass, and peppermint.  Lemongrass is another ingredient that can be overwhelming, but if it's truly in there, I can't taste it.  So as I write this, I am realizing it contains a lot of flavors that shouldn't work for me, but they do!  In fact, I enjoy it so much, I get a little anxious if I let myself run low.  It's a great thing to be able to order it in bulk from Amazon.I do want to note that the tea can get a little bitter if steeped too long.  I try to go no longer than five minutes, but I often forget about it at work.  For me, it's drinkable but noticeable.  On the other hand, I'm not an aficionado.  I don't worry about the temperature of the water I use to brew the tea.  At home, I use the hot water that comes out of my Keurig coffee maker; at work, I use the hot water out of the filtered water dispenser.  As evidenced by the amount I consume, the flavor comes out great!
I was a big fan of Pacific Chai until I purchased some David Rio Elephant Vanilla Chai mix at a local coffee shop in our University Hospital.  I was glad to find it in this bulk version and I just refill my smaller chai can.  I only ordered this about a month ago, but I may need to get another soon.  It has been the perfect drink this snowy winter.
I absolutely love this chai.  My local coffee shop got me hooked on it and I just had to order it for myself (so I could enjoy it whenever I wanted).  I like the Tiger Spice Chai as well, but the Elephant Vanilla is just fantastic.  Very creamy and smooth.
I was extremely happy with this product...it arrived in excellent shape, and the beans were long, plump, tasty....I found them to be wonderful additions to many foods my wife prepared, and when we scraped out the pods we placed the pods in our sugar bowl, giving our sugar a happily vanilla undertone in, say, coffee, tea, etc.Perfect!
My new favorite (after Cappucino, of course). Not as much of a "bite" as Luongo or even Luongo "Mild" but still full flavored, with that wonderful crema. Just a perfect cup of coffee.
this is the best coffee. I've tried many k cup coffees and this one is the best one that i have found so far.
I'm not much of a coffee drinker, but purchased this flavor for my husband. He is normally a "bold" taste coffee drinker, but says that this is now his favorite. He says it is not too strong and it's not too weak. It's just a nice "medium" blend of flavor. Because he was such a bold coffee drinker prior, I stocked up. I keep trying to get him to drink the bold stock and he only says: "Do we have any more of that Caribou?". Well, looks like I'll be ordering much more of his new favorite coffee soon!
The cookies arrived intact--none of the boxes I've opened so far had even one cracked cookie. The 12 boxes were packed snuggly into a medium box, which makes for easy storage in the basement pantry (as opposed to the usual gigantic box from Amazon with tons of paper).These cookies are really good, especially with coffee. They have a buttery flavor, and they're not too sweet. I originally bought them for my daughter--she loves them. But I really like them too.
As my fellow-tea lovers know, it's not always easy to find high quality, organic, green, de-caf tea at a reasonable price. Well, as long as this product is on the market, they will have a loyal customer in me. I would describe this tea as delicate (mild) with a lovely bouquet of "earthy" flavors for your palate to enjoy. This tea is not at all on the grassy side so if you prefer a "grassier" tea, this may not be the one for you. All things considered (including price and shipping), this is a fabulous deal and I appreciate being able to order it directly from Amazon. Way to go, Coffee Bean Direct!
Nice to know I can get good espresso in quantity for a good price other than from eBay.  The coffee arrived pretty fast and taste great.
Some reviewers say you can't teabag these pods, because the coffee will be week. However, if you put the pod in a cup, pour boiling water over it, then set a spoon on top of the pod, so it doesn't float to the top, leave it in the cup for about twenty seconds or so, then use two spoons and gently squeeze the pod over the coffee cup, voila, you get a nice, rich cup of coffee.
This was the first time that I had tried any Marley Coffee but I really like it. It is certainly a high quality coffee and has an excellent flavor. I am a little picky about my coffee and usually stick to Starbucks Sumatra or Caff&eacute; Verona because I enjoy bolder and more flavorful coffee. Marley Coffee One Love blend is every bit as good as my favorite coffee and I really enjoy it. There are 15 single serve pods in this package and each pod is packed with plenty of coffee so it makes a great tasting cup of coffee. The pods and individually wrapped in foil so they stay very fresh and it makes them easy to store and carry with you.These pods are for a pod brewer not to be mistaken for a Keurig, Tassimo, CBTL or any other type of single serve coffee maker. I have noticed that some people are saying that these pods make week coffee and that just shouldn't be the case at all. They might be using them incorrectly or in the wrong type of machine if that is the case. The pods also tell you which side is up so maybe if you brew it backwards then it might make a difference but I honestly haven't tried it that way.
If you like a light-flavored coffee, you will probably go for this one for convenience as well as flavor.It is in coffee bags (like tea bags) so you never need to make more than one cup at a time.  The bags are round, which makes it steep better than square bags.  There is no string on the bags to leach coffee from the cup onto the surface where you are steeping it.I shared this with friends.  Upon opening the packaging for the bag, every single one commented on the wonderful smell.  All those who liked a mild coffee described the flavor as SMOOOOOOTH.
To me, the best of their specialty coffees (not counting the fancy stuff).  Better than Medium and Dark Roasts.Regulating the delivery and the lower price are a real bonus, particularly since Harris Teeter and Publix don'tstock it anymore.  I also get their decaf, which is good, and often use one pod decaf/one pod of regular. Seems tosatisfy my psychological need to cut back on the "hard stuff."
Great medium roast "pod" coffee.  I use this in the new Hamilton Beach that makes both 12 cups or 14 ounce single serve Pod coffee.  Actually it is better than the popular store coffees that you buy by cup.  If you like a coffee that will burn the hairs off your chest, this is definitely not the one for you!!!
I think this is a very yummy cup.  Maybe if you are a Kona coffee expert, then maybe it isn't the best compared to the best Kona in the world.  Me, I didn't even know what a Kona was.  This coffee has no bitterness, yet plenty of flavor.  The thing that got me to love it was the pleasant, long lasting, subtle yummy aftertaste.  10 minutes after finishing a cup I notice a faint, yet pleasant aftertaste, and usually go get another cup.  It isn't the strongest, as I like very strong, large pods.  I put my Grindmaster on the tea setting and it comes out the strongest possible, yet still no bitterness.  Many folds in our small office have this as their favorite.
This coffee hits the spot, every morning!  It's not as good as being in Hawai, but it's very good!  I smile every time I open it up in the morning.
I have tried several of the Senseo coffee blends and like Sumatra the best. It is a robust coffee,  but not overpowering. However, if you do not like strong coffee, you can use an 8oz. coffee cup and press the double coffee button on the coffee maker and get a milder brew.Senseo is a great product and reasonably priced, unlike some of the other one cup coffee makers. I hope it is here to stay.
I've had my Senseo for about 2 months and love it.  I'm the only coffee drinker in my family so making a pot of coffee is a waste for me.  This is quick and easy and great tasting.  Pods are expensive at the grocery store but can be found other places cheaper.  Folgers is coming out with a competing machine and pods so the price of the pods should go down soon.
This coffee machine is probably the best coffee maker I've ever used, so long as you use their coffee pods.  I purchased mine from Target...what a disaster since they don't keep consistent stock of the recommended coffee pods for this coffee maker.  I now purchase my pods from Amazon...they are dependable, in-stock and tax free.
I love the convenience of ordering my senso coffees through Amazon.  They always arrive quickly, and the price in bulk beats the prices in the stores hands-down.  The only thing that would make it better would be for them to offer Irish coffees in packs of four.  I'd LOVE that.
Well, its Monday and six a.m., time for the morning coffee. Down to the kitchen, fill the senseo coffee maker and then open the senseo coffee pack. What a wonderful aroma. Two pods in and two on standby.The first cup of medium roast is not biitter nor clogs the senses. Since I drink it unadorned, there's just the right amount of roasted taste. No expresso for this person at this hour of the morning.Douwe Egberts medium roast is the perfect median for morning coffee. Further, each day the taste remains the same.Later that morning on to the second cup. Again perfect coffee taste, plus no acidity. Cannot say enough about the entire senseo coffee system. Please try.
Of all the senseo products this is the best i've tasted,so far  i use 2 at a time and crem-brule coffee mate. this is very good.
This is probably my favorite flavored coffee & the Senseo pods are the best!
We normally brew a full pot of coffee in our home each morning as there are enough coffee drinkers to make it worthwhile. But in the afternoon, sometimes one of us wants a cup and it is not worthwhile to brew another pot or grind up the beans to make a smaller pot. That's what we have our Senseo for. We keep a couple different kinds of pods around to suit various tastes, and this one suits mine.These are a little stronger, and more full-bodied than the basic medium roast Senseo pods, yet the flavor is not quite as acidic as their dark roast pods. I use one pod for a "double" serving (the button with the 2 cups), which is (I know) not the recommended way, but I still seem to get good results. If I happen to be making one first thing in the morning and need a little more strength, I will use 2 pods and press the double first, and then the single to get a slightly larger and stronger cup.
I bought the Senseo for my partner (wife?  we just got married!) because she can get cranky before she has her cup of coffee in the morning.  It was the best present I ever bought either of us!  In about a minute, using these coffee pods, she has a cup of consistently delicious, frothy coffee and she loves it.  She has tried several other types to see how they are, but this is the one she always goes for and always makes one of those "yum" noises when she drinks it, and, still, about two years later, often thanks me for buying her this gift.  (I know it's funny, but I'm just happy I figured out how to avert "the crankies.")  And, on Amazon, it's as inexpensive as I have found it.  Plus, they deliver!  I usually order a month's worth at a time and keep it in the freezer.  A coffee addict's perfect fix.
Love the Senseo coffee maker! Love the flavored coffee options, but have a really hard time finding them. Not only does Amazon have all the great flavors, the price is the BEST and if you stock up...shipping is free! Everything should be so easy. Thanks!
I have two Phillips coffee pod makers and prefer to order my Senseo pods from Amazon rather than buy from the local markets because of the no shipping charges and great prices on the sets of coffee pods Amazon offers.
I use this every time I go to the gym. It's one of the better tasting powders and it allows me to drink coffee (which I like), for caffeine, and then rely on this Cytomax for energy throughout the workout, plus ease the acid build-up in the muscles that can make you want to puke. Make leg and intense workouts easier. I don't see the point in having the caffeine in the drink when the caffeine will not really get into the system until your workout is almost done. I tend to drink some caffeine half an hour before the workout and then use the Cytomax during the workout.
We were first introduced to this brand when we tried the Coffee Masters Flavored Coffee, Highlander Grogg, Whole Bean, 12-Ounce Bags (Pack of 4), which has become our favorite coffee. When I came back to order more, I was intrigued by the description of this flavor, and decided to try it, too. This is also excellent. The beans are rich and glossy out of the package, and the flavor and aroma hold up well in the brewing process. Another keeper from Coffee Masters.
This is great tasting coffee and so easy and quick to use.Amazon service is the best!!!
Our family has been hooked on Senseo coffee for about a year.  The dark roast is the best.  It's a nice, rich, full flavored cup of coffee!
We got a Senseo machine at work.  I was skeptical.  Then I tried it.I'm not at all sure that it saves energy, but it sure does make terrific coffee.I favor the Dark Roast variety.And Douwe Egberts Dark Roast Coffe Pods have turned me into a Pod Person.So I bought a pod machine for the house.Greeeeaaaat stuff.
This is an amazing coffee. comes out of the machine with a nice froth on top, very hot and deliciuos. Starbucks was my favourite, but now it is the Pod coffee by philips. try it yourself and you will see it is a great tasting cup of coffee.
Senseo pods make great coffee, and are more environmentally friendly than K-cups. Right now (May 2012), Senseo pods are a little hard to find, but I've been assured that they'll be back at normal supply levels in the near future.
If you love the heavenly combination of chocolate and orange, then thisis a cookie to try.  Gotta have your coffee and treat everyday like moi.Well this plays well with coffee. Yum gonna have some right now....
These are soo good with a nice cup of coffee. They are light, buttery and very flavorful with the finely chopped nuts.
This very crispy sugar wafer is perfect with ice cream, or with coffee or tea.  It's got a lovely burnt marshmallow flavor.  I really like these- they seem to harmonize with anything.  I'm allergic to GMo cornstarch, so it is hard for me to find cookies I can eat.  This one is lovely, and it's safe for me to eat.
When we got our Keurig coffee-maker, I was excited to try new coffees.  Most are way too strong for me.  I do like flavor, but way too often the K-cups are more bold than I like.  This Caramel Drizzle has just the right combination of coffee and caramel and makes for a nice rich but smooth cup of coffee.
I grew tired of Starbucks coffee and other "big" brands out there. They would be okay for a while and then the taste started to be all the same.I decided to give Moka Joe a shot; I was hesitant at first because nobody had left a review and I'm picky with coffee...I've been ordering this coffee for more than a year now and so it was certainly time to leave them a good one.I love this coffee more than any other; the only downside is that now I can't buy coffee when I'm in the city because I know they'll all taste like *#$& compared to this.Use this coffee with a french press and allow yourself to fall in love all over again with your coffee experience!
For an avid coffee drinker this is a great choice! The price is also fair. If you buy dunkin donuts coffee it is the same price and not nearly as good. It is a pretty strong coffee which I love but it also is very smooth! A must have a++!
Finally, someone has developed a decaf with a truly bold flavor. No more weak, diluted taste, but instead a coffee that lives us to its' namesake....BAM!
I have tried many Decaf coffee's for use with the Keurig machine and this one beats them all.  I'll save you a lot of time trying them all out - use this one.  It's amazing!
I love this coffee! Great aroma, not acidy and very smooth. The taste depends on method of preparation. You need to grind the beans right before making coffee. My low end Krups espresso machine makes it taste a little bit bitter. Now I use the stove top to prepare it. It doesn't taste bitter at all even without sugar. You will never drink burned Starbucks coffee again after trying Dallmayr.
This is my absolute favorite K-cup. It is strong, but smooth. I take it with just a drop of cream or a flavored creamer. Absolutely delicious. By the way, it's a great coffee to dunk a donut in!
Keurig has, for better or worse, pushed the coffee market in a strange direction.  Convenience is championed over quality.  Luckily, Starbucks' House Blend K-Cups are just as good as the bean versions of the coffee that you can purchase in stores.  Out of the blends that I have tried, the House Blend seem to be the most balanced: it's not too acidic, not too bitter, not too bland.  It's just right.  I would recommend this coffee to both coffee novices and coffee experts.With that said, I would recommend comparing prices off Amazon before buying these here.  The prices seem to fluctuate (as they do in other stores as well).
I first purchased this coffee at Home Goods and was disappointed when I returned to purchase more and the shelf was empty.  I was thrilled to find in on Amazon and now I can buy it regularly.  It is the only coffee I want.  A good morning is not complete without it.  The taste is rich and bold and the aroma is splendid.
A little bit of fat and carbs, zero cholesterol, and a fabulous crunch!  These snack cookies are definitely worth the roughly 45 calories per cookie, though you probably won't stop at the suggested serving size of 3.  I didn't.  If you're dieting, don't pass it by, just plan ahead.The cookie has a light flavor reminiscent of the cake-type cookies of the regular fruit Newtons line, just pressed thinner and dotted with lovely, tiny chunks of cranberry and citrus, just enough to add a bit of flavor and zing without overpowering the taste buds.  Though it's labeled a cookie, I can easily see this little gem smeared with cream cheese (or better yet, sandwiched with the stuff and a touch of whole-fruit jelly) for a special treat.  A gob of ice cream between two of them would be amazing!  The fact that it's not a sugary item makes it a great pairing with a nice cup of tea or coffee or a glass of wine as much as doled out with milk for the younger humans in your family.I rate this one a keeper!  Its nutritional count is bolstered with rolled oats and whole-grain whole wheat flour.  If it had a smidge of flax or some other additional holy grain, it would pass the tipping point and actually be a legitimate dietary necessity!
I heard about drinking sage tea on the Dr. Oz show. Though sage is most commonly used in cooking, sage tea has been shown to boost alertness and mood, while decreasing anxiety, I was told.I find it very soothing. I was surprised that I actually like the taste. It's a woodsy taste just very appealing. It always makes me feel good afterward. The tea is caffeine free so I normally drink it in the afternoon or evening as I still need the caffeine coffee provides in the morning.This is a great product and I will most likely order it again.
I usually put 3 packets of Splenda in my coffee each morning - a larger cup that holds probably closer to two mugs worth.  Anyway, 2 drops of this equals 1 packet, so I use 6 drops per day.  I'm telling you, it lasts forEVER.  I was almost scared off by the price tag, but when you break it down, it's a great deal.  Plus, the taste is what you would expect from Splenda, but no residue to worry about.  The little bottle takes up no room compared to storing a box of Splenda packets in my desk.  I highly recommend you give this a try - you will be glad you did.  And yeah, I'm that guy that buys a million things on Amazon and never leaves a review, so I took the time on this.  So...there you go.
This product is perfect for low carb dieters, I've been using it for years. I've been a big stevia fan for a while, but the bitter and somewhat strange aftertaste ruins other flavors such as coffee. With EZ-Sweetz, you get the taste of sugar and none of the calories!
I've been using Nevella Sucralose to Go ($3 at Wal-Mart vs $6.66 + shipping here), but with Sucralose to Go one "squeeze" equals 1 teaspoon, where with EZ-Sweetz, one DROP equals 1 Tablespoon.Having now tried EZ-Sweetz, the conversion chart definitely seems to hold true. While it takes 4-5 long squeezes of Sucralose to Go to sweeten a 12-ounce glass of iced tea or a mug of coffee, about 4 drops of EZ-Sweetz provide the same sweetness.  So the 2oz bottle of EZ-Sweetz should provide about 4 times as many servings as the 1.68 oz bottle of Sucralose to Go.Doing the math, even if this lasts about 4 times as long as Sucralose to Go, as long as I only buy Sucralose to Go at Wal-Mart, EZ-Sweetz through Amazon costs SLIGHTLY more.Also there's no aftertaste, it just sweetens your drinks without the Maltodextrin you get with Splenda.
First off, I am on a ketogenic diet. I have been wanting to get away from all the maltodextrin bulked sweeteners for some time now. I absolutely love EZ-Sweetz. I use it with my morning coffee, as well as to sweeten up any low carb sauces I might be making. This one bottle will last a long, long time!
This coffee is delicious!  Blend 2 oz. of espresso and ice and any kind of syrup flavoring you like and it's way better than Starbucks.  They don't even put real coffee in theirs.  AND much cheaper.
I was eagerly waiting for orgain to put a new flavor out as soon as I heard about it. I've been on orgain for almost 2 years and I couldn't be happier. I switch between the chocolate and vanilla often to mix things up but this iced mocha is a perfect blend. I've long given up coffee for health reasons so this is a close substitute. This doesn't contain any caffeine as mentioned but you can still taste the mocha blend, which is a good thing. I would highly recommend trying this new flavor if you've enjoyed/liked the other variations of orgain!
My doctor recently suggested (strongly) that I cut out my 3+ cups of coffee per day. Now mind you, I am a Starbucks drinker. I LOVE my coffee and I have for years. I told my doctor and myself that this was not possible. However, I re-thought and considering my health issues, I decided to take the plunge, so to speak. . . into the No-coffee, no caffeine pool. But what to substitute on those cold mornings??? I have enjoyed Stash Chai tea for a few years but it was always a treat for winter days when I was already over-coffeed. I tried many teas to see if anything satisfied to replace for my morning joe. Nothing, truly, Nothing satisfied my taste buds, my comfort buttons...my need for a stimulating aroma. Until. . . I went back to my STASH Chai. Decaf as it is, it satisfies all my taste and aroma needs and we are now 7 months out and I declare myself fully De-coffee'd. I no longer need that cup of jolt any longer and I am fully satisfied by my STASH decaf chai. I am amazed and delighted! I want to stock up on my tea, lest they stop making it! Heaven forbid! I get my STASH with the regular subscription monthly. Can't be without my STASH Decaf Chai!
Met my friend at a sandwich shop, brought a thermos of this coffee. I had added a little soymilk to lighten, she thought the coffee was too weak. The pot was black as night. The taste was smooth as hell, and 30 minutes later, she was a little spun out of control.It is by far, the smoothest coffee blend I've had, and is great stuff. Just because a cup might be so bitter from various alkaloids, doesn't make it superior coffee. This stuff truly equates to quality.
Great coffee for someone who likes a stronger flavor. Small package that really packs a punch - I've had more expensive coffees and really prefer this one!
I like my coffee to have a bold eye opening taste. This Fog Chaser is very good. Great taste and the way they are made is much more environmentally friendly. The price is very good on them also. I have them on a monthly subscription and save even more money. Thank you for having this top quality item..San Francisco Bay Coffee One Cup for Keurig K-Cup Brewers, Fog Chaser, 36-Count
I have become a "Coffee Snob". I love San Francisco Bay Fog Chaser. I will probably never buy any thing else. The subscribe and save option on Amazon is fantastic. I never have to worry about running out ever again.
Don't hesitate to buy this fantastic coffee. And, don't let the price fool you! I was elated to see Fog Chaser packaged for the Keurig system. Having bought this blend before I knew what to expect, and it didn't let me down. It delivers a full-bodied cup of coffee, with a fantastic nutty, sweet kinda spicy-chocolaty finish. On the technical side, I like that they've figured out a way to work around using all the plastic. These "K-Cups" are an ingenious design using a filter instead. Absolutely a splendid cup of coffee all around. This product has been added to my Subscription orders with Amazon.
This is a great coffee, very strong and tasty, not just bitter and bold.The lack of a plastic cup at the bottom is neat, reduces waste significantly.
I really like this coffee. It's bold, yet smooth as well. I especially appreciate the simpler packaging with much less plastic waste. Additionally, I don't think the coffee grounds touch plastic at all, just the foil top and filter. They work impeccably in my Keurig.
These "cups" have a little filter at the bottom instead if a plastic cup which allows for less waste in the trash can, yeah!! I always felt kind of guilty putting so many plastic cups in the garbage. Now to the coffee it is absolutely the best I have had.  A 10oz cup is possible without tasting too watery, especially with the French roast.  Every one of the Rogers family cups are great.  The fog chaser is a little smoother than the french roast but nice and dark.  The french roast is great also not quite as bitter as the usual french roast even the decaf is great.  This coffee rivals fresh brewed easily and is less expensive which is a bonus for those of us who want the freedom of K cups but don't like the price.  I will buy this brand from now on, I am a loyal customer of this Old San Francisco Bay Coffee.  Rogers family thanks for bringing real coffee to Keurig.
this is a very enjoyable 'cup'. the packaging is not a normal plastic,but a mesh of a sort.it did not pose any problem for my machine. the only thing i worry about,perhaps needlessly, will the 'mesh cause a decrease in shelf life.it comes in a airti ght clear plastic package but i break the package and add the kcups to my other kcups on 50 unit display unit. anyway the coffee is nice. im not a expert but i would say its a medium,so it required 2 mugs for my normal bowl movement.im retired so it does not pose a problem.but you younger whipper-snappers may want to keep that in mind. i always kept a small bucket in my car for that reason when i was young,just saying. and no,thats not gross,whats gross is not to have a bucket,cant make it to a rest room,or when u get to one,its in use. be perpared,anyway happyness and peace to u,ur family,and friends,bye-bye.
I believe this coffee tastes as good as any brand of K-Cup I've ever tried while currently costing about a third less (using subscribe and save on Amazon).  It actually tastes fresher to me than other K-Cups, possibly because it arrives packed in a plastic bag which seems airtight until opened.
These coffee k cups have an exceptionally bold flavor. The value is great. We bought a second box and will continue to enjoy more in the future.
I like this coffee a lot! Flavor is fresh and not too strong. I have ordered a lot of differ coffees off amazon and my first time with this product. I will be checking out others when I run out!
Great coffee nice strong rich flavor. I will keep it comming as long as you keep selling it for sure.......
Awesome tea, flavorful, not strong, thanks to this poabs tea, a 30 year old habit (Coffee) was replaced by this very, very, good tea. I highly recommend to tea drinkers, and most of all coffe drinkers, it is so good, it will make you quit coffee.SujaiMount Prospect, Illinois.
Some people like a strong cup of coffee that kicks them in the mouth first thing in the morning, but I don't, so I tried one classified light roast, which was a little too weak for me. I tried Nantucket Blend, and it is perfect! It's not weak at all and had a really delicious flavor to it, what I think a good cup of coffee should taste like. It is so smooth, not a single negative thing about it except that now I go through it so quickly!This is my favorite one so far, and has become my morning drink every day!If you like coffee and are looking for a not too strong, not too weak blend give this a try!
This is our fave Kcup coffee! with GM Half Caff coming in 2nd place.  Nantucket is smooth, not bitter.  Good buy :)
Green Mountain is our favorite coffee.  We switched from grinding our own to K cups recently.  We still love Vermont Country Blend and Heifer Hope, but this is the ultimate K-cup for us.  A medium roast, rich but not bitter.  It satisfies every time.
This particular brand and blend of Green Mountain coffee is one of the best I have ever tasted or enjoyed.  Its got a nice body, is NOT bitter, and goes down very smoothly.  Would recommend to any coffee drinkers for their morning fix to get moving.
Nantucket Blend is my very favorite K=cup.  This is a little surprising since I have always preferred really strong bold coffee, but the smooth flavor of Nantucket has really won me over.  I think I will order another box as soon I as finish this!
Nantucket Blend by Green Mountain is the best coffee I ever tasted.  Some coffee is just too strong and bitter for my sensitive taste buds, this is just perfect!
We enjoy Green Mountain Coffee Nantucket Blend K-Cups so much that I subscribe for a monthly delivery.  There are other coffees we like but Nantucket Blend is our favorite for our Breakfast Brew.  The price is reasonable for K-Cups too.
If a milder, smoother taste is what you are looking for, you won't find anything better than Green Mountain Nantucket Blend. This is the first coffee I ever tried in my Keurig and it's been a staple in our variety of K-Cups for two years now. The quality is superb - I wouldn't expect anything less from Green Mountain. In fact, a friend who has a relative who works there says the quality control is so strict they throw out cups that have even a tish more or less coffee than the cups are supposed to. At less than 0.60 cents/cup, this is a bargain. With Prime Membership, to have these delivered to my door is too good to be true.
Honestly, I'm a skeptic when it comes to herbal treatments (most of it is just snake oil). But this stuff is the real deal. I started off just drinking this because I like herbal tea, and I wanted to drink something I knew was safe for nursing and the baby. Before I started drinking this, I was only making 4-6 oz a day. By the end of the second week, I had to stop at around 10 oz because the bottles on my pump can't hold anymore... And I was only drinking one cup a day.Perhaps it was just a natural increase, but the fact I ended up making about 1.5 to 2 times the amount my baby drank when he was at daycare sort of made me doubt it.And about the taste: I didn't like it at first. The smell is unpleasant. But the taste isn't so bad. It's sort of like coffee in that you have to get used to it first, and then it grows on you.I highly recommend mothers returning to work buy a box or two of this. This will keep your supply up just in case the transition doesn't go well. I also suggest starting out at 1 or 2 cups a day instead of the recommended 3-5. The box only comes with 16 bags, and at $4-$6 a pop, it gets expensive. Judging from the reviews, results vary from person to person, so you may not need as much as the box says.
I have never worked with fondant before. I was not sure what to expect when I ordered this. However, in my opinion I had a great first time experience. The fondant was easy to roll out and I was able to cover the cake in one easy move. I found that it was enough fondant to cover two 9 in cake rounds with some extra fondant left over to make some ball decorations around the cake. I thought it tasted great and was a pleasant coffee flavor. I would recommend fondarific fondant to others. Just wish the other flavors were cheaper like the coffee mocha flavor.
I am huge fan of Ahmad Teas in general but this one is my favorite!  Drinking less coffee because I prefer this tea.
K cups can be expensive and you often have your very own favorite coffee anyway.  Why not reuse those K cups!  This product is easy to use and will enable you to get an even better brew in your Keurig brewer when you use your own coffee.  The refillable brewing accessory for the Keurig makes an acceptable cup of coffee, but not a great cup.  My-Kap makes a huge difference.  The product will be shipped from an independent vendor, but your My-Kaps will arrive within just a few days.  Be sure to place the print on the cap up when you insert it into the K cup so that it will fit easily into the cup.  You will choose the same brew size you normally use with the K cups.  The number  of times you can reuse the K cups varies from coffee company to coffee company, but you will still be able to reuse most of them at least 4 to 6 times.  I have reused several K cups 10 or more times before discarding them.
I wasn't sure what I had purchased, but I knew I needed to try something other than the gray filter basket you can buy in the stores. I really enjoy these. So many of the k-cup coffees are too strong for me, so I like to use my own coffee. You reuse  k-cups with the top and the coffee removed, I empty, wash rest of coffee out and let dry, then I can refill them and use the Kaps for the lid, there is a hole in the lid for water to go thru and holes in the bottom of the k-cups for water to come out. I get the same strength coffe every time. I did put my usual coffee thru a coffee grinder, the coffee in the k-cups is a little finer than regular store bought coffee.
After looking for French Vanilla k-cups I stumbled on this pack, which originally I chose because they were some of the least expensive I could find per k-cup.  When I got them, my husband loved them & has since switched to these over his normal k-cups.  They do have a vanilla flavor, not too sweet or overpowering, so if you like a very strong vanilla flavor you could add flavored creamer or select a different brand.  I myself will not drink normal coffee, and even with flavored coffee tend to add quite a bit of creamer & sugar.  This coffee I was able to cut my sugar back & I don't need to add creamer/milk & I like it.  I would definitely buy it again.
I love the flavor of this instant coffee. While the regular Taster's Choice coffee is very strong and bitter, the Hazelnut is smooth and flavorful. I often combine it with my International Coffee hazelnut flavor, and the combination is great.I just wish they would bring back the jar, though, because it was cheaper by the ounce. Maybe that's why they discontinued it. They knew that those of us who are addicted to this stuff would pay the higher price rather than give it up. :-)
This is the best coffee.  Would really like it if it came in a jar instead of single serve packets.
The House of Tsang's Mongolian Fire oil is a critical and irreplaceable ingredient in my fried rice recipe, a staple of my diet which I eat nearly every day.When my local grocery store stopped carrying it, I tried a number of other oriental pepper oils but they couldn't hold a candle to Tsang's.  They either had way too much garlic or lacked significant "fire".I tried to make a similar oil starting from scratch: heating powdered cayenne pepper and fresh garlic in a mixture of  canola oil and sesame oil to about 120 C for 1 hr then allowing to stand over night.  After mixing and straining through a coffee filter, I got a product approaching the color of the original.  The taste was better than any of the other commercial products.  However, there was clearly something lacking.  Perhaps using canola oil made a difference but I suspect the key lies in a secret unlisted ingredient.Fortunately, I was able to find a source for the Fire Oil on line.  It is ridiculously expensive, more than my local grocer, not to mention the cost of shipping.  However, when you've gotta have it, you've got to have it!eesnyderIf there is anyone that might be put off by the "fire" oil name, it is worth mentioning that the flavor is much more complex than simply hot pepper.  In fact, it is not exceptionally hot; certainly less than the benchmark Tabasco, although they are very different condiments.
My Husband and I love this coffee!  It has a really nice flavor if you like a robust coffee without the bitterness. My DH says it reminds him of expresso when you make it on the stove (not from an expresso machine)and he says of all the different K-cup coffees (and we have tried alot of them) this is the only one he doesn't get tired of and could drink everyday and I agree with him!
Timothy's World Coffee, Italian Blend, K-Cups for Keurig Brewers, 25-Count Boxes (Pack of 2) is quickly becoming one of our favorite morning K-Cups. I like the fact that unlike many of the non-Bold K-Cups it can easily handle an 11 oz brew size, which is enough for an average sized travel mug. It is a medium-dark roast coffee that has very good flavor, and it can stand up to the flavored Coffee Mate creamers that we like to use. This is a K-Cup that we'll keep ordering.
I had this coffee while visiting Vietnam. Robust,fruity,yet with no bitterness. Perfect any time of day. Just had to have it when I got back to the US. Worth the long search for it in US Asian-style markets. Now I can buy it on line!  Thank you Amazon!
To carryit especially....Add sweetened condensed milk to your coffee cup. Then use Vietnamese coffee filter...Stir...Then Break/chip ice cubes and add to coffee (I use the backside of a spoon to break ice.) With a spoon, somewhat rapidly, sink and release ice chips into coffee until it foams. It's like drinking a malt or milkshake this way. Is very bitter without milk, but espresso fans may enjoy.
This coffee closely resembles the taste of expresso and is soooo much easier to make in my Keurig B60 machine.
We really enjoyed the Splenda Flavored Blends for Coffee.  We thought it was great. Be careful how much you use in a cup for it taste sweeter than the plain Splenda.  Buy it and enjoy
As my Mother-in-law says  MT is Gods' country  I know they know how to make huckleberry coffee good.. Great Job and price  with Fast shipping
This is really top quality blue Mountain beans. They are always fresh, and the quality is very consistant form batch to batch. Obviously, Jamican Blue Mountain is very expensive coffee, but this is as low a price as I have seen for it, and the beans are better than other 'budget' Blue Mountain offerings i have tried.
This coffee is BOLD.  If you want a kick in the pants then this coffee is for you.  At the same time though it only leaves a very mild bitter aftertaste.  I would have expected it to be more bitter than it is but I was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't.  I would definitely recommend this coffee for people who like a bold taste but without the bitterness.
Some people may feel disappointed with their choice of a K-Cup coffee, because it seems weak or watered-down.  If you are looking for a strong and flavorful K-Cup coffee with a caffeine kick, this is a good choice.
This is by far the best tasting k-cup coffee in the "extra bold" category.  Rich taste and not bitter.  I only wish it cost a bit less.
I like a lot of crap in my coffee, and yet I still like the flavor of coffee. Generally, with as much crap as I put in it (think half and half, flavored creamer, truvia and flavored syrup), I can no longer taste the coffee. *DUH* I bet you are saying, "well clearly she doesn't like the taste of coffee" but really I do! So I am usually left thinking "why did I put so much crap in my coffee??" Well, problem solved with this Dark Magic. The [great] coffee flavor comes through loud and clear, even with all my additions. I can only imagine that if I DIDN'T put all this crap in it I might singe my nose hairs because boy is it strong! You people who drink it without diluting it, a lot, are my heroes.
i love ordering on line esp from amazon>> just as i am about to run out of coffee i get a email re special dealsand i simply order and in a day the products are shippedthis coffee is fantastictry italso donut shop is great
I have purchased quite a few K-Cup blends for the Keuring, well over a dozen.  Some were for company and friends but this one was for me and I LIKE it!  I have to be honest and say that it not my favorite but it's up there among them.  Even when I have one coffee that I like above others I try to vary my K-Cups.  Sometimes it makes me appreciate my favorite better, other times I just want something different.  Green Mountain Dark Magic is always in my Keurig carousel.This blend is not as complex as Newman's Own Bold or Coffee People's Organic Bold Roast, however it doesn't hit you over the head like Timothy's Extra Bold Rain Forest Espresso.  I have not found a K-Cup that is as bold or full-bodied as coffee that I brew in traditional methods (a French press is my favorite) but this one comes close.  All-in-all an excellent K-Cup.Coffee People Organic, Extra Bold K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50) [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging]Newman's Own Organic Special Blend Extra Bold K-cup for Keurig Brewers, 12-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)Timothy's World Coffee, Rainforest Extra Bold Espresso for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count K-Cups (Pack of 2)
I just recently got my first Keurig machine (I say first because I love it, and plan to get the bigger pro model eventually), and a couple of sampler boxes. This was the best of the flavors I sampled, and that says alot because I loved most of them. I am a lifelong espresso drinker (Cubans start giving their kids sips at like age 3) so I like a strong coffee. This one is definitely that. It doesn't, however, suffer from the bitter aftertaste or "burnt" flavor of many bold blends. Best of all, with the Keurig machines you get the same flavor EVERY time.
I never really liked tea.  Not iced, not with peach, mango or honey.  I didn't like chai with cream, rose hip  or green tea with organic raw sugar.  But it turned out what I really didn't like was tea bags and the taste you get from them.  I've found out a little bit about tea in the last couple of years.First, the tea that comes in tea bags are dregs, they are the leavings, the split ends, if you will, of dried tea leaves.  It doesn't sound like it would matter much, whole, intact dried leaves versus almost powdery crumbs, but it does.  The taste of tea made with a bag is wholly different, it even looks different, a little cloudy, more opaque and the taste isn't as bright and assertive (sorry, I don't mean to sound like a tea snob, I'm not a food snob, I'm writing this while trying to keep the crumbs of my powdered donut from landing on my keyboard, mhhmmf!).The first time I drank a real tea, one made with leaves I was ill.  I had a sore throat, runny nose and a slight temperature.  We were moving and I had a long day of hard furniture moving labor ahead of me (somehow I always end up ill when we move so that the icky moving experience can ratchet up to truly horrific).  We stopped at a coffee shop (I'd packed the coffee maker the day before, my bad) but coffee didn't sound like a great idea when I was so congested, so I bought a jasmine green tea, I picked it at random and was surprised when my to go cup arrived with a long, weird paper cone full of dried tea leaves.  We were in a hurry, so I grabbed some sugar packets and headed out.  That tea was a revelation, it smelled nice and tasted even better.  It even made my sore throat less razor-y.I've since bought several full leaf teas and Irish Breakfast, this one in particular, is my favorite, it's great with a kiss of cream and a liberal spoonful of sugar.  It isn't hard to brew and is adaptable, you can make it brisk and chewy at seven minutes or light and delicate at four.I used to buy this exact brand at my local natural food store, but buying it online from VitaminLife it tastes even better, perhaps it's the sealed pack and that the leaves arrive fresh and less crumbly (the tea at the store has been transferred into a clear plastic pourable jug, maybe its the sunlight, maybe it gets shaken and broken, I don't know, but this tea is like manna from heaven, it's even replaced my morning coffee sometimes (I'm a coffeeholic and the only time I've gone without for more than a couple of days was when I was pregnant).
This is some of the best coffee that I have ever had.  I would highly recommend it to anyone who has loves coffee.  you have to at least try it!!!
Our boss brought back a can of Cafe Du Monde Coffee from New Orleans and we are all hooked on it in the office.  It is has a rich wonderful flavor.
We Received the Nifty 54 Coffee Pod Drawer and I could not wait to use. I love the black mesh design and it is very sturdy. I had a chrome carousel which was nice but only held 24 K-CUPS.  This drawer holds 96 and I can now separate my teas and flavored coffees from non-flavored coffees. It also has a small enough foot print to sit next to my Keurig.  I would recommend this drawer to anyone.
Finally a drawer unit that will hold 3 boxes of K-cups. It has no slip grips on the bottom and can be stacked for more coffee storage. Attractive design. No unsightly half full boxes on your countertop. Thank you.
Use it as my weekend coffee.  Full body strong aroma and taste.  Really enjoy it when I grind fresh beans and make it with my french press.
We had Kicking Horse Kick Ass Coffee in Canada and fell in love with it!  Thrilled to find we can order it on amazon!  Definitely worth trying - you won't be sorry!  SO YUMMY!
I had never heard of this brand, but am always in search of a good whole bean coffee.  Based on the good reviews, I just ordered this coffee...it arrived yesterday and I am in heaven (at 6:30 AM).  I was so thrilled to open the bag to see that the beans have that oily look, something lacking from even some of the most expensive coffees.  The beans themselves have the most incredible aroma.  I love dark roast, but hate the "burnt" taste and lack of flavor that come with many of the dark roasts, even the big brands.  Kicking Horse has mastered the art of dark roast!  This is a really good darker roast, not burnt and not bitter...nice and smooth with great flavor.Just thought I would add one more positive review, in case anyone needs more convincing to try this coffee, I am so glad we did try it! We like it so much we just signed up for subscribe and save.:  A huge thank you to the reviewer that compared this coffee to Caribou Obsidian, it does indeed remind me of that coffee, other than being a notch better and less expensive...couldn't get any better than this!
I like my coffee dark, strong, bold and black, no sweeteners, no cream.  This is thus an ideal coffee for me.  If you like a much milder coffee, say medium roast, you may not like it nearly as much as I do. If you like cream and sugar, that may just ruin this coffee as it will dilute its strength and "strong" is what this coffee is all about..  The statements made in the description of this coffee here at Amazon are correct, i.e. the taste of an Italian roast with hints of chocolate overlaying it. Lately I've been able to buy mine at Sam's Club locally in a big bag for $16.
I try all types of dark roast, Starbucks & others. There is no other way to say it. For me, this has the most intense deep flavor. This is my ULTIMATE COFFEE!
McStevens Belgian White chocolate is the best. I have been using it in my coffee for years. Never fails. Also, you know those drinks we buy at the coffee shops? Well, hot or cold, all you need is a blender, some ice, some coffee and McStevens and your imagination,. Have fun, but hey, don't forget to buy the McStevens, (other brands do not work).
This Boyer's product has a strong, robust flavor without being bitter or overpowering.  If you like strong coffee, you will love this product.  All of the Boyer's products I have tried have been great quality products.
I love mocha, especially in the morning.  Cafe Escapes has just enough coffee to taste in the background of the rich chocolate flavor.I gave up on Starbucks because of the inconsistancy of taste in their mocha.  A friend turned me on to Cafe Mocha - same great taste everytime.
I use this coffee for cold brewing iced coffee and this flavor was great.  Give the taste of real cinnamon not that chemical flavor others have.  Would def. buy again.  Loved it.
Will definitely order again from this seller.  I received the product very quickly.  This coffee is wonderful.  First tried it while in the Dominican Republic and can't live without it since then.  It has a natural sweetness and lack of bitterness while also having a great chocolaty depth of flavor.  Makes fantastic espresso, which is how I use it.
This coffee was surprisingly good...I've had mixed results with bag coffee that I've ordered, but this was great and a great price from Amazon.
I think this is my favorite kind of coffee, I prefer it to both Starbucks and Dunkin. The only problem is having to restrain myself from having too much.
This is a stronger blend that has a great taste and will open your eyes in the morning without being bitter..Nice strong coffee flavor....
I love this coffee. It has much better flavor than other strong dark coffees. Highly recommend to people who like coffee to have taste and flavor after having creamer in it.
My husband and I have tried all of the Dark Roasts we've been able to find, and we have chosen Emeril's Big Bold Easy as our personal favorite.  It's rich, not bitter, and tastes great.  We don't usually use milk or cream, so enjoy the plain strong taste of this coffee.
It's hard to find a good, strong K-cup blend that rivals real brewed bold coffee.  Emeril's Big Easy Bold is just that, and I have tried several "bold" blends.  Before Emeril's, I liked Coffee People Jet Fuel.  Emeril's is bolder and fuller, with a more natural roasted flavor.  The aroma when brewing is amazing!!!  I stick with this one and have been for the past few years
I'm from the south & hate thin, watery, weak coffee.  This coffee is strong, yet smooth & satisfying.  I can't imagine anyone not liking it.
Emeril's "Big Easy Bold Coffee" K-Cups makes a very good cup of coffee in my Keurig B-40 B40 Elite Gourmet Single-Cup Home-Brewing System. This is a very strong tasting brew that has much more flavor and kick than the Coffee People, Donut Shop K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50) [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging] I generally drink in the morning.I should note that my wife finds it too bitter on the "Small" cup setting for her liking, but I think it tastes great either way.Highly Recommended!CFH
I was introduce to this coffee by my best man at my wedding.  It is deliecious and is cost effective for me to maintain my addiction without going broke.  Instead of paying over $5 a day at starbucks.  I get by on .50 a day.
LOVE, LOVE this sweetener!!  I use it in all my baking, my unsweetened flavored DD coffees, our unsweetened fruit teas, hot cereals - anywhere you use regular sugar.  No calories, no carbs, no tummy problems, no aftertaste, no kidding!!  A pork/kraut recipe called for apple juice, which I didn't have - I substituted ZERO drops mixed with apple cider vinegar, and no one ever suspected!!  One drop = 1 tsp of sugar so it lasts a long time - I keep one at home and another in my purse/car/office...
I was not interested in this Liqueur until I had the chance at Jersey Airport to try a shot, it sounds awful - Coffee and Tequila but tastes absolutley gorgeous!! (& quite strong - lovely.....)_
The Peppermint Mocha flavor of this instant coffee is amazing!  I have tried other flavors, but this is my very most favorite!! The taste is wonderful and it mixes well whether I used a lot of the mix or just a bit in a brewed cup of coffee!! The aroma of this beverage is wonderful.  The peppermint enhances the taste rather than overwhelming it.  Try this coffee and you will be hooked!! I only hope it is not just available for the holidays!
I am a repeat customer. I don't drink coffee but my husband and daughter love this product. It cannot be found in stores.
We love our Keuring brewer and we love this coffee. The value for the 50 count pack is right on.
I can drink various flavored cremes, but there is only one coffee that I love and it's Breakfast Blend. Iv'e tried soooooooo many, I"m a BB girl!
This is my favorite keurig coffee. I prefer it over any starbucks or dunkin or any other coffee. Nice and smooth taste without a usual bitter aftertaste. I's the perfect cup of coffee.
I drink strictly decaf coffee and am no fan of "instant" coffee. However, I decided to give these Starbucks VIA sachets a try. What a pleasant surprise! They dissolve immediately when hot water is added. A quick stir and your brew is ready. (It's also nice when you have a tea-drinker in the family, because you boil one kettle of water then pour for tea and coffee without firing up another appliance.) The aroma says, "STARBUCKS." The taste is equally good, just a little "thinner" than what you might get from the beans. Still, tasty and satisfying. These sachets come in handy when I pack my "airline meals," including a couple of them so that I know exactly what I'm drinking while on the airplane. I have videos of my homemade airline meals at my YouTube channel: lenswork4.
I had to give up caffeine and I SORELY MISS COFFEE. Like a lot of people who love coffee I used turned my nose up at decaf. But being forced into the situation and desperately missing the taste of good coffee I tried this product. I went for instant coffee because, it being decaf, I have to go off on my own and segregate myself from the caffeine drinkers with an electric tea kettle.The verdict... LOVE IT. I can drink coffee again, even if it's decaf.The ultimate consumer compliment: I will be buying more.
I love coffee but have a difficult time drinking it because of acid reflux.  I knew I needed to find an alternative but was skeptical about finding a hot drink that would be as satisfying as coffee.  The reviews I read about Teeccino Organic Herbal Coffee were very positive so I decided to give it a try.  I love it!!  I especially enjoy the Teeccino Chocolate Herbal coffee and the Chocolate Mint Herbal Coffee.  Since it's caffeine free, there's no worries of headaches on mornings I don't drink it.  I am so glad I found this product and would recommend it to anyone who wants a coffee alternative.
Now you may ask why pay to have H20 packed and shipped half way around the world just to be guzzled in a mater of seconds, minutes at the most?Well "nothing" is the reason. Everyday you hear about the odd stuff that is in local water supplies. My favorite statement is "it may look nasty and taste awful but it is perfectly safe." So we turn to bottled water that is everything from the same local water just packaged to fancy mineral water that needs lime to mellow it out. Included in this category is a concoction called drinking water; they take everything out and put back what they guess makes water drinkable. The worst sort of stuff is items packed in colorful plastic bottles that taste like colorful plastic.Evian on the other hand is water the way that nature intended. It goes down smooth and has no after taste. It is refreshing when cooled but can work well even at room temperature.  Gourmet coffee locations use this as the base water because it does not distract from the taste. The water is even used externally for applying and removing makeup. I keep a case in the car incase of any emergency that may come up.There is "nothing" more satisfying.
Will buy again. shipping was fast and we love the health benefits of this coffee.  I also love the little free sample of hot cocoa that I can give my daughter as a treat.
I was hoping this product would be good based upon the reviews, and it truly lives up to the hype. The quality is incredible and spinning action is stable and smooth. The cups fit securely in the holder and do not have to worry about them falling out of place. It is semi expensive for an item that holds just a few k-cups but it makes life very easy and convenient and brings some style next to your coffee maker. Why have a $200 luxury coffee maker only to throw cups all over the counter?
My husband and I both love the carousel. It looks nice on the countertop and keeps our favorite K-Cup items right there when we need them. Just spin and pick out what you want. Then pull it out, drop it into your K-Cup despencer on your K-Cup coffee pot. That's it. It's great.
Works great - takes up little room -color matches Coffee Maker - works well and seems to be made well - Good product
I had sampled and liked this flavor K-cup coffee but was unable to find it at any store or website. Was happy to discover it on Amazon during a special sale.
If you like k-cup quality coffee, then Van Houtte is the best quality for a k-cup brewer.All K-cup coffee, even Van Houtte brand k-cup coffee does not taste as good as regular style home brewed coffee or coffeehouse coffee.
Loved it.  The smell when brewing was wonderful and the taste didn't disappoint.  Will be a constant coffee flavor in my home!
When I opened the box the aroma of this coffee permeated the room in a wonderful way. I love the taste of this coffee. Its smooth and flavorful but not overpowering. It reminds me so much of one my all time favorites, Gevalia Chocolate Raspberry. I never thought I would say this, but I find it better. When I am in the mood for a flavored coffee, I now use Van Houtte's Chocolate Raspberry Truffle. Its so decadent in a good kind of way.
I am happy to find that Amazon carries the Van Houtte k-cups, as the pricing is far better than other resources for k-cups.  This k-cup flavor strikes a nice balance between coffee and the chocolate and raspberry flavors, and you can feel like you're enjoying a nice truffle candy without the calories or guilt.The two box packaging is a plus if you're like me and have a Keurig at home and another at work.  This way, a box can go to work and the other stay home.  NOTE: these are the 24 count boxes, too, not the 12 or 14 that seem to fill the shelves of the local supermarkets, WalMart and department stores!If you're new to the K-cups and want a flavored coffee that delivers the flavor in the title, you can't go wrong with any of the Van Houtte varieties.  The Raspberry Chocolate Truffle and French Vanilla are my favorites, followed by Gloria Jean's Butter Toffee and Mudslide.
I am a huge fan of "foo foo" (flavored coffee) and this is by far by favorite.  Lots of flavor.  Not only does it taste wonderful...it makes your room smell really good!  I wish it was still offered as an "automatic send"...please bring it back!!
I use a one cup coffee maker and used to use Senseo pods which I found at the grocery store but then the stores stopped carrying them so I turned to Amazon and tried these and I like them even better than the Senseo.. I use 2 pods for each mug of coffee and it is good. Not bitter and not weak like all the other brands I have tried... Good stuff!!
I'm not a huge flavored coffee person, but I really love these! The coffee is mild to medium bodied and the flavoring isn't overpowering. It's got a great aroma (the co-worker next to me always loves when I brew one of these) and a clean, distinct taste.I've got these on Subscribe and Save!
Just a sweet and enjoyable coffee. Almost a dessert coffee, but I drink it all of the time. No stray grounds, another winner from Van Houtte!!
This coffee is really enjoyable to drink.  I love it in the morning or in the evening with desert.  I would definitely buy this again.  Great deal for the price.
I have limited counter space, so when I saw this drawer, I thought it would be perfect. It is. We love it. Since my husband and I drink a lot of coffee, the 36-count drawer holds a our coffee machine and (almost) a weeks-worth of K cups. It has a nonskid mat on top, so our Keurig doesn't move. Both fit under our cabinets nicely. I have zero complaints. I love this product!
This is a great drawer to store your k-cups.  As one reviewer mentioned if you are going to put your coffee maker on top be sure that you have enough counter clearance to open the lid of the keurig.  I do wish this came with holes drilled so it could be mounted under a cabinet.
I purchased this as a gift for my mom for Christmas.  I have one myself and love it.  If your coffee brewer is on an open counter space (not under the upper cabinets) it works out great....creates a "coffee station" where everything is right there!  My coffee brewer happens to be under the upper cabinets so I set the drawer beside it, and have "knick-knacks" sitting on it - quite cute!  The drawer is made very well - quality craftsmanship and solid, not to mention it looks great.  The drawer is large enough you can hold a variety of pods to keep the whole family happy.  I would definately recommend this product.
After kicking a caffeine addiction I had nurtured for nearly 40 years, I was ready to find a tea that would not upset my stomach and that would help break through that groggy morning feeling.  Most teas make me a little nauseous or seem to fire up my heartburn not to mention their wake-up power was in caffeine still.  Doing some research I discovered the healthy aspects of yerba mate and decided to give it a try.  It does help to break through and give me a quick awake that lasts much longer than caffeine without the jitters and heartburn.  I do not think I would go so far as to say it is better than coffee at bringing me out of that groggy feeling - but it is certainly a different, milder and calmer kind of alert.  A cup of this in the morning and occasionally in the afternoon is all I generally need to keep me going and never once has heartburn or nausea set in afterwards.There are many other coffee substitutes out there, some do a fair job of matching coffee flavor, this is not a good choice for coffee flavor but it is the one best for the morning wake up.  Very good product.  Do some research because overuse of yerba mate has been linked with some health concerns but I would not worry with just a cup or two a day.
Love this product!!!  I use this when traveling, when I wake up in the hotels, the coffee they provide you in the room with those little portable coffee makers is extremely ho hum, I love a good cup of Starbucks in the moning and so, I use the machines for hot water and carry my VIA's....a perfect cup of coffee every time which is amazing for instant!  I like a robust cup of coffee, so my favorite is the Italian Roast.
i love this company we are never without coffee and tea from this company,  great service fast and reliable.
I have a friend and antique shop owner who I normally visit weekly and like others I stop by even if I know I am not going to purchase a thing solely for this coffee. With the holidays coming around I became so busy I was unable to get my fix so I broke down and bought a machine for my home that was approximately $230.00 here on Amazon. I am addicted to both the Breville machine and this amazing blended tea. It is not overly sweet or artificial tasting. It is the BEST!
This is my favorite flavor of coffee pod for the Melitta.  I have tried most blends and this one has the best aroma and flavor.  Hazelnut is pretty good too.  If you like vanilla, try this!
This stuff was so good that it didn't even need any sweetener or creamer!! And I hate black coffee! But this stuff.... Was the best. So good.
I know that coffee reviews are subjective -- we all have different tastes and preferences, right? So I'm writing my review based on my own preferences for a light roast coffee with a "soft" flavor (rather than overly bitter or bold). This is currently my 100% absolutely favorite k-cup flavor. While it's brewing I get the distinct aroma of cinnamon rolls. I brew in a Keurig B40 and choose the 9.25oz serving size and think the brew strength is exactly right. My usual method of serving is to heat about 6 ounces of skim milk in the microwave for 1 minute, add about 1 tablespoon SF Torani Vanilla Syrup and froth using my Aerolatte thingie. Then I add the coffee to the milk and stir gentle. It's as good as anything I can get at Starbucks!
This is a light to medium roast coffee with nice cinnamon flavor. If you like your coffee a bit bolder, just brew on a smaller size.
This coffee is one of my favorites!! It is mild but full of flavor. It is sweet and delicious! I bought it on amazon since I can't find it in stores.
I love the cinnamon flavor to this coffee.  It is also a great price with free shipping on amazon prime.
The combination of cinnamon with coffee is, to me, the best invention yet. The quality of this product surpasses all others I have tried. It is not too bold, with no aftertaste. Would highly recommend it.
I have had to switch to skim milk for "creamer" for health reasons and this coffee still tastes good even with skim!
This is our favorite K-cup coffee.  It is the most flavorful decaf and is water processed, which is hard to find at a reasonable price.  It is still a little higher in price than most decafs but it taste great.
After purchasing a decaf k-cup variety pack, I was really disappointed in all of them.  The after tastes were horrible and I never enjoyed a single cup... neither did my husband.  We've never drank decaf before, but were making the switch as we no longer want caffeine in our diets.  Our friend mentioned that it was probably the chemical process used for decaf coffee's that was making everything taste bad and suggested Caribou decaf as it's processed chemical free.  I was literally jumping up and down after my first cup of this, it was delicious!
I only drink decaf coffee, and was looking to try a new brand. I have enjoyed Gloria Jeans, Van Houtte, and Timothy's (do not like Green Mountain). I took a chance with this Caribou blend and I really like it. It is not too dark/harsh. I use a little hazelnut creamer and its a wonderful treat!
This is the best decaf that I have found thus far. It taste very close to regular coffee.
Very good decaf coffee! This is the only brewed decaf that I've actually enjoyed. Highly recommend this decaf coffee to anyone who enjoys a good cup late in the evening! Very good value as well and I received my order in just three days!
We have been ordering this coffee directly from Community for some time now as we will not drink anything else.  The shipping charges are fairly high to order direct so we were very excited to find it being sold on Amazon!  Excellent price and great value!
Stephen's Gourmet Hot Cocoa, Pumpkin Spice, is easy to fix and has a wonderful creamy taste.  It's a great flavor change from their special "flavored cocoa mixes" that I love also.  I often relax with a cup of "Pumpkin Spice" as a late afternoon reward for a day well spent.I buy a variety of the Stephen's Gourmet Hot Cocoa mix flavors in the bulk Packs of 6 and really appreciate the Subscription option for the reduced price per can. I enjoy them every morning, mixed to my taste with instant coffee for a rich, flavorful mocha.
My father in law is a huge fan of coffee. I got this for his Birthday. He loved it. The packaging is great!!! Includes coffee from around the globe. He tried a few at this point and absolutely loved it. One pack makes about 9 cups, however, if you like strong coffee it makes about 5.The price is also great!!!
I love the taste of this coffee.  It is light but still has a very nice flavor and color, not bitter at all.
strong ... and fantastic coffee brand... I like it and most of my Italian friends love it.I've made 6 cup of illy coffee in my office, almost whole offices around mine get smell like coffee.Tips:1. don't drink it late afternoon or evening, you'll have diffcuilty to sleep at night.2. after opining keep it in dry cold area.3. the best time to drink the coffee in early morning and after lunch...best regards,....
Last Christmas, my wife gave me a selection of Earl Grey teas.  I do not drink coffee, but I love my Earl Grey tea.I found the Stash tea to be the best tasting, the reason for me is the double Bergamot oil that makes Earl Grey Earl Grey.When you open up a tea bag, the scent is amazing.  I love doing that in a crowd to see everybody smell this amazing scent and ask me what that is.Our local supermarket had a box of 25 teabags for $8.99.  Thanks to the automatic ordering process that Amazon has, I only pay $11.99 for a box of 100 bags!!I feel like a pusher at work, when I go down to get the hotwater.  I give out a teabag or 2 and send the link to the product here at AmazonThis is great tea, and a great buy!
Somehow I've become accustomed to grabbing the first coffee I see on the street which often assaults my palate and tastes bitter, not delicate at all. The Sant' Eustachio Moka Grind Coffee is absolutely fantastic, fragrant and just as coffee should taste - if not better. I gave a container of it to my boyfriend's mother for her birthday, and the evening would not have been complete without this delicious tasting coffee from Rome. It makes any morning or evening memorable and is a must!
I bought 3 flavors, peppermint, vanilla and chocolate. We have used them to flavor our lattes. I was surprised at how well just a tiny bit, 4 drops per cup, can flavor coffee. I use them for the flavor and do add a Stevia packet for a little more sweetness since I do not want of overwhelm the latte by adding too much peppermint or chocolate taste. My husband loves the chocolate and I love the peppermint.
I've tried at least eight different kinds of k-cups not including all the horrible free ones you get in the box.  Normally the coffee is weak.  THIS one finally comes close to that Starbucks flavor -- if you like a more pungent, burnt flavor that you get with European dark roasts.Highly recommended.  And they sell it at Target now!
I like having Zico with dinner, it really quenches my thirst.  I also like taking it to watch my son playing sports, everyone else is drinking coffee which I never drink.
I had been told that this was an "energizing" tea. I mix it with equal amounts of other teas. I like three bags Damiana and three bags of green tea for an exotic and perhaps beneficial "energizer" without the jitters of some coffees.
I have been accused of going over-board on some things and my K-Cup obsession has been no different.  I have tried almost every bold K-Cup on the market (really, my kitchen is full of those little boxes).  Many of them are very good, and some (like Timothy's Rainforest Espresso) are excellent.  Still, for day to day drinking I always go back to this blend.  I find it to be smooth and satisfying.  I use the second to smallest setting on my Keurig B70 (7 1/4 oz.) and I usually enjoy three to four cups in the morning (I never reuse a K-Cup, but if it works for some people, fine).  If I want more or a cup later in the day I switch to the decaf version, also very good.I miss my Newman's Own so much when I travel that I have started packing a Keurig B30 with me so I can enjoy this coffee on the road.  This one is perfect for me.
I started drinking this Wild Sweet Orange tea when I was trying to reduce the amount of coffee (plus sugar) and "boring" teas (plus sugar or honey). This is a very flavorful tea that can be enjoyed without adding sugars and is also great in the afternoon (or evening) for those who are too sensitive to Caffeine. (Coffee in the afternoon and I will not fall asleep until morning.)It is one of my favorite teas and does not have a too "exotic" or overly "herbal tea" type of flavor.In the summer adding a few ice cubes to this makes a great substitute for a plain glass of water.
I've started each morning off with this particular tea for the last 5 or 6 years. I love this tea. I went from a coffee drinker to a green tea drinker because of this tea. It has nice a strong flavor that I simply adore. (I make it much stronger then suggested, I love bitter tastes! Then I just add hot water to the leaves for the second cup, and it is as good as the first!) I have been purchasing this from Stash directly for years, but it is a better deal on Amazon.
I first had this coffee on vacation in Costa Rica and I ended up bringing 10 bags home with me.  Now I can't live without it.  A very smooth coffee with a fruity underscore, it's delicious.  And they ship quickly right to my door.  Perfect.
I'm not a huge flavored coffee person, but I really love these! The coffee is mild to medium bodied and the flavoring isn't overpowering. It's got a great aroma (the co-worker next to me always loves when I brew one of these) and a clean, distinct taste.I've got these on Subscribe and Save!
This has to be one of my favorite coffees. It's really like eating a chocolate truffle! It's also not an overwhelming chocolate flavor. I don't really like mocha flavors. I gave my mom half of my order and she loves it too! I will definitely order more!
Great flavor, and the aroma is fantastic. If you enjoy flavored coffees at all, you must try this. A winner and a keeper.
I generally do not drink the flavored coffee but our recent acquisition of the Keurig coffee maker I have been sampling many flavors.  Of all the 15 - 20 flavored coffees I have tried over the past 3 months the Van Houtte Chocolate Raspberry Truffle Coffee is BY FAR the BEST.  Fantastic blend of flavors and it actually has flavor...most others I tried seemed to have aroma but fell short in the flavor category.  I highly recommend trying this flavored coffee!
My wife and I have used PERO for many years, it's the best substitute for coffee that we've come across. The only problem we've ever had is finding a distributor. Initially, it was available only through a company in Salt Lake City, then New Jersey, and now through Amazon. Through the years the quality has always been consistently good. If you are looking for a coffee substitute made from grain, try this one.
My sister-inlaw was looking for a drink (caffine free) substitute for coffee.  We drank coffee flavored Postum and suggested she try it. When we went to buy, found that the company had discontinued.  After searching the internet we found Pero.  She loved it!  To her, it was better than drinking coffee.  We've decided to order some for ourselves. (Cannot find this product in stores)
This is the best non-caffinated hot drink I have found!  It dissolves quickly, has a roasted aroma and can even be substituted for coffee in recipes.  Try it at a 1/2 teaspoon as well as a full teaspoon to adjust the amount of flavor you like.  I bought a case - it's the cheapest and I will always have it on hand.  It is an excellent gift as well.
I'm a little late to the whole chai game. It seems like I'm the last person to try chai. It was a slow process. A couple of years ago, I was trying to find a brand and flavor of tea that I could really enjoy. I'm not a coffee drinker and always felt left out that I couldn't seem to enjoy a relaxing, warm beverage. I'm a lover of all things coconut and during my tea-buying spree, I found a box of Celestial Seasonings Sweet Coconut Thai Chai and promptly bought it. I also purchased another CS tea called Honey Vanilla Chamomile. I tried the chai once, but since I really didn't know how to prepare chai, I thought it was ok, but didn't go back to it. On the other hand, I immediately fell in love with the Honey Vanilla Chamomile and couldn't live without it. After a while, I was cleaning out my tea cabinet and decided to give away all of the teas I had amassed (except of course for my beloved Honey Vanilla Chamomile) and decided to hang onto the Sweet Coconut Thai Chai just because it was coconut. A few days ago, I decided to try to make it with some warm milk and Sugar in the Raw. I was absolutely blown away! Overnight, I went from zero to Chai fanatic. It seems that if I am a fan of a product, it's a sign that the item will surely be discontinued. Because it had been two years, I was afraid that CS may have stopped producing the Sweet Coconut Thai Chai, and I held my breath as I browsed their website. Thankfully, it is still produced and while on the site, I decided to see what other flavors they make. That's when I saw it--I literally gasped out loud when I saw that Celestial Seasonings makes a Honey Vanilla Chai! Oh my! It couldn't be...my all-time favorite hot tea was also a chai! I rushed out the next day(yesterday) and grabbed up a box and came home to make it. All I can say is WOW! This stuff is amazing! Please, Celestial Seasonings, don't EVER stop making this!
This can add a floral note to tea, coffee, etc. and brighten up your day.
I love this coffee..light..bright..a wonderful cup in the morning. I do not care for other Starbucks coffee as it is too heavy for my taste buds...and BB hits the spot...get it on sale when you can and stock up.
These pods have got to be the best invention yet. They are compact, extremely easy to use & is the best solution to making several very quick cups of coffee.Fresh ground coffee is nice, but there is virtually no mess with these pods. The crema is just as good as ground coffee & these can be used in a pod holder as well as a one cup filter basket.What more could a person want?!
I decided to go with a CBTL machine recently instead of Keurig. I liked that CBTL machines do espresso and the one I got, the Americano can accomdate tall travel mugs, has a good sized reservoir and I was happy with the reviews of the coffees and espresso capsules. But I also like a good cup of tea and was excited to try the Moroccan.Very pleasantly surprised. It brewed an amazingly good cup of tea in literally seconds. One thing I hesitated on was the description of peppermint. My wife and I are not peppermint people. But this was just a nice fresh common garden mint taste. Not pepperminty at all. The perfect strength for me at 10 ounce choice and the Americano makes it at just the correct temperature; slightly too hot to do more than sip at first but quickly hits the ideal temperature. If you like a medium depth, mint tea, do get this. Turns out CBTL machines make great tea as well.
These Kind Bars are always in my purse. Being Gluten Free there are times when you need something to eat and there is nothing available. These Kind bars are so delicious and satisfying! I have had them for breakfast with a cup of coffee, or for lunch with a big glass of unsweetened ice tea! I never travel anywhere without them because I know if nothing GF is available, I always have my Kind Bar!!
Used this coffee everyday during our 38 years in Europe, and wanted to get a supplier when we moved back.  It's a rich flavorful coffee, and it's really convenient to be able to get through Amazon, including the several blends they sell.
Excellent coffee!  I wasn't sure about trying this brand because I've never heard of this company.  It was a hit in our house. We are very happy they sell pods.
This coffee is the best.  Vanilla and rum combine to make your regular cup of joe even better.  No need to add cream or sugar--it is awesome straight out of the coffeemaker.  I signed up for the automatic delivery which ensures I will always have this delicious coffee in my house.
This coffee is rich and decadent!  Definitely a must for chocolate lovers!  It has a very strong chocolate taste that works very well as a dessert coffee.  I use it in my Toddy cold brew system and it is wonderful.  I would highly recommend this product!
We've tried several flavors of k-cups and this one is a winner!  This is probably our favorite flavor we've tried. It's got a nice bold flavor and makes a great cup of java.  We will be ordering this one again.I did not notice a strong aroma, other than coffee, when brewing it.  It smelled great in my kitchen!
I was hesitant about purchasing this flavor after reading the reviews. I am certainly glad I went with my instinct. I purchased 2 boxes and have very few left. I LOVE this coffee! It is now my favorite. I have to agree that it does not always smell so good when brewing but the flavor can't be beat!
This is GOOD tasting coffee if you like mocha tasting coffee it,creamy tasting an not strong at all I really was worry about buying this coffee from the review I read but its GOOD!
My husband and 19 year old son love this coffee. It is so easy to make it in the Keurig coffee maker. I am glad it is so easy to order from Amazon and we get it really fast. My guys get nervous when the supply gets low. Definately a coffee to try. My tastes are more towards tea, but they love the full taste and flavor with or without milk and sugar.
Coffee has the ability to make me sometimes irritable and on edge.Dandy blend is so pure. The flavor is completely satisfying to a coffee lover and gives you a healthy energy boost!The grounds stir right into hot water for an instant cup and never leave anything behind at the bottom.I look forward to drinking dandy blend every morning!
When I gave up coffee I also gave up one off my greatest joys. I love to get up early and sit and drink a warm beverage in the morning. It is my time, the time I use to plan my day and to talk with my Higher Power. I have tried: hot Cider, Hot Chocolate, Herbal Teas. Everything was too sweet or fruity tasting. Dandy Blend is awesome not to sweet and not bitter at all. So if you have given up Coffee and Tea here is something to try.
This is my "Go To" coffee flavor!  I love it. The flavor is very suttle, which I prefer, and not bold.  Perfect for drinking any time of day.
These are so yum. They're my favourite flavoured coffee!  Wish they sold them in South Africa so that I didn't have to buy online only.
A rich, nutty flavored coffee with a great aroma and delicious flavor. This large package (96) of Gloria Jean's Hazelnut K-cups is a great way to purchase my very favorite flavored coffee. With free delivery right to my door in 2 days via my Amazon Prime membership, I will always have the coffee I love on hand!
Delicious coffee with a wonderful aromatic fragrance.  It's difficult to find wonderfully flavored decaf these days but we'll be purchasing more of this!
I grew up with "Folgers in my cup" as the company line goes, but it was so true. My parents purchased Folgers regular grind coffee and brewed a big pot every morning.  The next morning, my dad would drink the left over cold coffee while he waited for the new pot to brew.In today's fast paced world, I seldom have time to wait for a pot of coffee to brew so I tried instant coffees.  Folgers tasted like that brewed coffee I grew up on but without all the wait.  And I discovered something extra, when I put the crystals in 1/4th as much hot water and then add ice, I have the best Iced Coffee. It actually tastes, like fresh brewed coffee smells.
Both my wife and I like this coffee. It really does taste like youve dunked a chocolate glazed donut in your mug! Doesnt taste "chemically" like some flavored coffees do. Its light and tasty.
First let me say, I am not a huge coffee drinker.  D**n you Keurig for bringing me to the dark side!  That being said, if you like choc glazed donuts, you'll definitely like this k cup.  I've tried many different flavors and this one is truest to its name. It tastes just like a choc donut.  Other than saying "it tastes just like a choc donut", there isn't much more to say about the flavor. It's just good!  It is not my favorite, but it is definitely in my rotation.  My 9 year old convinced me to buy them (imagine that!).  I'm glad I did, and will definitely buy more.  I put a little big of sugar and a little bit of regular Coffee Mate creamer and its just perfect!  No after taste, and I made it on the largest setting.  YUM!  Donut House Collection Coffee, Chocolate Glazed Donut, 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig BrewersI've purchased 9 different boxes of k cups this week alone, and this one will definitely be purchased again!  Simply stated: if you like donuts (who doesn't?!), then you won't be disappointed.  Period.  :)
This is our first time trying the Wolfgang Puck coffee - so glad we did!!!  It is a wonderful medium blend and great for any time of day!  I would buy it again!
Wonderful tasty coffee with a nice aroma as it is brewing. There is no after-taste at all and it very satisfying, you always want another cup of coffee. I continue to buy it.
I'm sure this flavor isn't for everyone, but if you enjoy your coffee on the sweeter and more flavorful side then you should enjoy this. It is not what I would call a "strong" coffee by any means. I would describe it as mild and flavorful.
This is one of the best coffees I have ever had for my Keurig.  It is a nice smooth coffee.  And the price is the best price I could find.  I will be buying more.
To me, this has a good, balanced flavor.  Some flavored K-cups seem too light on hazelnut, or too light on coffee.  This one is just right.
By far the tastiest coffee I have purchased from Amazon.  Sorry it isn't in the Shop and Save any longer.  Delicious!!!
I am a huge fan of Jamaica Me Crazy coffee.  There was a time in my life when I was totally caffeine free and off the dark stuff, but a customer in the bank I worked at brought in a pound of this coffee as a gift to the tellers.  Every time someone walked by my desk with a cup of this freshly made joe, the smell would really tempt me to go back to consuming coffee again.  Eventually it broke me down, and I am back to being a full time coffee drinker, and proud of it! Imagine how happy I was to find my favorite brew in a K-cup!  The only thing better than a cup of Jamica Me Crazy is a cup sweetened with the new Almond Joy flavor International Creamer in it to highlight the sweet coconut.  Unfortunately, we only have a Keurig at our office (I'm in Real Estate now), so I have to go to work to enjoy a cup.  I'm thinking I have a brilliant boss who knows how to get people to willingly show up to work! Now if I can just figure a way to use it to temp more buyers into our office - I'd have it made ;0)
I absolutely love this coffee. This is not only my morning pick me up, but also my daily treat. I can't tell you how many people at work stop by and ask me what I'm drinking because they rave about the great smell.
My whole entire reason for my one cup of coffee I allow myself these days is for wake-up power. I've been sampling various instant coffees throughout the world for potency and apart from Trader Joe's, this Good African Freezedried instant has done it for me!As soon as enjoyed I felt the wake-up rush I used to enjoy from Folger's, which ain't doin' it no more! I believe in giving any item a chance, and Good African Freezedried has performed excellently. I just wish I didn't have to wait until I order other items on Amazon before they'll let me buy this item on its own.Four thumbs up!
Among the blends the French is the darkest and like the bean on I reviewed this is simply THE BEST !  Ordered this for our trip to Asia so I dont have to grind my own and I was blown away as usual.  Love the story behind the company, love the fact that now Tasting Kitchen on Abbot Kinney has it although the guy wouldn't tell me which kind he uses.  For those who dont like to order ground coffee PLS know that it holds !  The best best best
It seems there is never a place where I can buy a good 100% Kona here in the States. At last I found it!  GOLD Estate Kona is the best Kona I have EVER had. I gave some to a co-worker down the hall and heard instant raves; this coming from a coffee gourmet. This brand is excellent.  The reviews were right.The directions in the package are just right.  Follow them and taste the best coffee you've ever had.
I only ordered two of these Ekobrew Cup,Refillable K-Cup For Keurig K-Cup Brewers 2-Pack and gave one to my son, not knowing how I would like them. I will be ordering more. They are so easy to use, there are obvious indentions on the chamber to install and they pop right in. No taking out the chamber, no packing the coffee and no grounds in your cup! I have told everyone I know with a Keurig to try them!
Excellent coffee. This was my absolute favorite ESE espresso coffee pod from the sample of about 30 different providers and blends.
This product arrived at a timely pace. Was well received by our resident health conscious nerds who are choosing green tea over coffee.
I was in Istanbul a few weeks ago and asked a Turk what is the best Turkish coffee available.  He say Kurukahveci Mehmet Efendi and handed me a 8oz can.  I took it home and tried it and I must say it is the best I have tried from Kuwait, Turkey, or the USA, even as a novice preparing it at home.  I'm happy to see that it can be purchased from the USA.  You will not be disappointed, just follow the directions on the can and prepare for a treat.
I love this coffee, its the best I have every had. Delivery was really quick.
This is one our favorite coffees. We buy this over and over. It is a good strong coffee. I recommend it to everyone I know.
I have tried a variety of K-Cups for my Keurig Brewer and find Green Mountain Coffee Nantucket Blend works best for me in taste.  I shop Amazon when offers are available including free shipping.  Amazon has been a good source for buying various items, including books, and I recommend them highly.  Delivery is as promised as well as products reliability.
This is our fave Kcup coffee! with GM Half Caff coming in 2nd place.  Nantucket is smooth, not bitter.  Good buy :)
I have tried many k-kup varieties and this is my favorite.  Mild, perfect for someone who likes a mellow coffee.  Add some Vanilla Coffeemate and it is HEAVEN.  A great start to my day.  I brew it into a disposable cup and my commute becomes 100% more enjoyable.
I was recently given the top of the line Keurig single cup coffee maker from Costco that came with a lot of different flavors to test out.  This Nantucket blend was easily the best of the bunch.  It truly is a great tasting coffee and I can't believe it comes out of my Keurig.Now I do drink a cup of coffee every day and I'm not fond of the waste that this product produces so I actually have one of these ekobrew Cup, Refillable K-Cup For Keurig K-Cup Brewers, Brown, 1-Count and grind my own coffee.  It's cheaper and better for the environment and it's what I use for myself.  However, the fine dust does pass through the filter so I don't like to give it to guests.  I don't mind the dust though that settles at the bottom of the cup and for being much cheaper I don't mind.These cups though I save for my guests so that they can get a great cup of coffee without any of the dust.  And they all love this coffee.
Nantucket Blend is my very favorite K=cup.  This is a little surprising since I have always preferred really strong bold coffee, but the smooth flavor of Nantucket has really won me over.  I think I will order another box as soon I as finish this!
I sampled Harney & Sons Paris blend at a local coffee shop one morning when I felt like something other than my usual cup of coffee. It was outstanding, and quickly became a nice alternative to my favorite hot beverage. After a time, I my delight in the Paris blend intensified and I purchased a pack of 50 from this seller. I shared some with friends in the office and now it has become the local favorite. Excellent product! Good price! I would (and have) continue purchasing Harney & Sons Paris from this seller.
I love this drink. It tastes fantastic (the chocolate, anyway, the vanilla - no) and is packed full of ingredients I'm happy to put in my body. On busy busy days (most) I'll have at least one in lieu of grabbing food on-the-go. A lot of the time I will have one for breakfast and another for lunch. I feel great and effortlessly lost weight. My fridge is packed full of them and though they seem pricey, it is a nutrient dense MEAL for less (or the same) as a Starbucks coffee. I nixed that habit and upgraded (majorly) with Orgain. I'm looking forward to trying the coffee flavor but haven't seen it yet. signalreturn@gmail.com
I am the only coffee drinker in my house, and I only have 2-3 cups a day.  I love having a Keurig and I love hazelnut coffee.  Gloria Jeans Hazelnut is the perfect flavor for me.  I love this items comes in a 50 pack and with Prime I can refill easily.
Gloria Jeans hazelnut coffee is a Great Product, Great Coffee.  Great service from Amazon.
A Great Coffee at a great price. I subscribed for regular delivery. Now I will always have the perfect cup just seconds away.
This was a great buy for the Keurig K-cups! The packaging was thrills-free and green. The flavor of this coffee is good and doesn't get that watered down effect that some k-cups give. I would order this package again.
I love hazlenut coffee; and, these are the best!  I especially like it when I use the hazlenut creamers in it.
My wife likes flavored coffee and this is, by far, her favorite. Great taste. Medium brew. Excellent value too. We order this brew regularly. Guests enjoy this coffee as wel.
I enjoy drinking my hazelnut coffee every morning; it wakes me up and tastes delicious. How can you beat that for a way to start the day?
This tea is the perfect wake-up beverage when I stumble out of bed.  It really does give you that much-needed "oomph" to start out with.  I recently weaned myself from coffee and a friend suggested Twinings.  I bought the sampler package and settled on two favorites; Irish Breakfast in the mornings and Lady Grey in the afternoon.  It is rather strong though, depending on how long you let it steep.  I would suggest the minimum the first time just to get an idea of the flavor; at first I used a little half-and-half and a dallop of honey, but now I prefer it straight-up, just because I don't have that kind of time.
I am very happy with the coffee.  It was sent in a timely fashion and was exactly what I ordered.  You  made it very easy to order and I will be getting re-orders at the appropriate times as initially specified in the original order.
Timothy's Hazelnut decaf  is the best, Great flavor, smooth, just wonderful.  Everyone loves it.  Thanks for a great decaf hazelnut.  Love the K cups, I drink more coffee and love it.
I love anything mint, so I've found the combination of black tea, peppermint and spearmint to be delicious. The addition of cardamom and ginger add an interesting flavor. The stevia adds just a light touch of sweetness. There's 77mg of caffeine in this tea, which is a little more than the average cup of black tea and a little less than a cup of coffee. I feel it helps with my energy level without the jittery feeling I get from coffee or caffeinated energy drinks. I often drink herbal mint teas, but when I want the energy boost of a black tea, this refreshing and minty tea is perfect.
My favorite tea is Yogi Green Tea Mint Garden, which is just green tea and some mint.  It's great.  So, with an opportunity for a new, somewhat similar type of tea, I was excited that it sounded almost like a cross between Chai Tea and their own Mint Garden.  And I wasn't disappointed.To me, this tastes like a cross between their Mint Garden tea and Oregon Chai, Original.  It's not sweetened by itself (OK, maybe a little with the Stevia leaf, but it's a very robust tea that has all the mint, plus all the spiciness of chai teas.  Overall, the taste is excellent.The only downside I can think of is somewhat personal:  I enjoy drinking tea at nighttime, and this contains a fairly hearty code of caffeine:  just under a cup-of-coffee amount.  So, this tea is perfect for everything, except nighttime drinking.Would recommend.
It definitely gave me a nice lift in the afternoon, and helped me be more productive.Nice combination of herbs.  Enjoyed the flavor and especially like the Stevia sweetener.My only concern was that it was high in caffeine and I try to minimize my caffeine intake.I did a little test two days later and substituted a half a cup of coffee for the tea.The tea definitely revitalized me more.
This is an excellent after-dinner coffee.  It's smooth and mild, with a hint of coconut flavor and a nutty coconut smell.  I drink it in the mornings sometimes too, but I usually prefer a bolder, darker coffee to start the day.Tastes great with just a little cream and sugar.  My only complaint is that the price is a little high, but I'm not reviewing the cost - just the flavor.
The Island Coconut is one of my favorite blends. I enjoy it in the morning or even if you need that afternoon cup of Java for a pick me up. I must point out while I am a Bold roast Coffee lover this is a mild Roast however the flavor just makes it enjoyable. I would Highly recommend this Coffee.
I love coconut flavored anything almost as much as I love coffee, and this is the perfect blend of the two. The coconut taste isn't overpowering, but it's strong enough to make me feel like I'm enjoying my morning (or afternoon) cup of coffee at some beautiful island in the Mediterranean.
I like to have a cup of this coffee mid-afternoon! Especially good with a sweet coffee creamer....almost like having a treat - without all the calories!
This coffee far exceeded any expectations I had of it.  I purchased Douwe Egberts Pure Gold Instant Coffee Sticks to take on a camping trip for about 25 people.  It was gone in 2 days!!! This coffee is soooo good, that I have it auto-shipped now, and do not even brew my coffee anymore! Goodbye Keurig coffee cups, and Mr. Coffee!!!  Hello Douwe Egberts Instant! Never thought I'd see the day that I would L-O-V-E instant coffee! :) Best "surprise" I have ever gotten... and I love me some coffee!!! Trust me!
Tastes great. I enjoy each and every cup of this amazing coffee. I am amazed by all the different flavors of coffee that is out there. Thank you for allowing me to taste it.
If you want the signature great illy taste, than this coffee is for you! Lighter than the dark roast, but still has plenty of flavor.
Perfect blend of coffee and cocoa for the sweeter types of people. I also likevan houtees creme brulee incredible for just a coffee cup. If you do not like a heavy coffee flavor which I do not then both are a good choice. If you like cocoa and a light flavored coffe than this is the cup for you, both are 5 stars in my book give them a shot, and you won't be let down, unless of course your looking for a caffine rush then sorry!
Cafe Escapes Cafe Mocha K-Cups for Keurig Brewers, 16 packThe perfect combo if you prefer a more subtle coffee flavor.  Still has the kick of a cup of joe without being overpowering.  I add some powdered creamer for added richness, but it is not really necessary as the product is rich & flavorful as it is.
I really like this, I just need to figure out more uses for it.  I put it in my coffee in the morning and tried it as kind of a chocolate rice pudding which was excellent.  I like the fact that it is organic, I just need to bake more chocolate things!
I buy this by the quart, so obviously, I LOVE it!I used to use vanilla beans exclusively.  I found this through a cooking school class.  It is cheaper and easier than harvesting the seeds from vanilla beans, BUT you still get seeds in final product, and the taste is excellent--a triple win.  We now use it almost exclusively when vanilla is needed or wanted.  We've also begun spoiling ourselves by adding a bit to our coffee for vanilla latte.
This is a medium roast coffee with a rich, smooth mouthfeel.  Brewed in our Viking drip coffee maker.  I'm not real good at coffee tasting notes but it had a sweetness to it that allowed me to use less creamer (typically use the Coffeemate flavored liquid creamers).  Wifey likes it too - she doesn't like dark roasted coffee (ie Charbucks) very much, prefers a medium-light to medium roast.  This one fits the bill.  I will be ordering this again in the 5lb bag size.
If you like banana flavored coffees, such as Fosters Banana Nut, then this syrup is definitely the product for you to try.  By using the syrup you can regulate how much banana flavor to introduce to your coffee cup to your specific taste (just a hint, or alot).  The flavor is slightly sweet, leaning much more toward banana than "nutty."Buying banana flavored coffees can be hard to find in the store and at times, rather costly.  Last year I bought one 750m bottle of Big Train at a store and it cost me over $10 and when I saw on Amazon that I was getting three 750m bottles for a similar price with free shipping (spending $25 or more), I just had to buy it.  Three bottles will last me a long time and I can introduce this yummy flavor to my coffee any time I want.  For the bargain price, I would recommend that you try it if you like banana flavored coffees (if you don't like it you can always send it to me - LOL). I may try this with other foods such as ice cream to see how it tastes.
This is the only spot remover that really works. I've tried all the products that you can get at a grocery store or hardware store. Someone told me about Good Buddy, and said Sprouts carried it. I got it when our Lab was a puppy, and we had white carpets. It got quite a work out.I've used it on any stains that we've had for years, recently on coffee that i spilled on the carpet.  When i went to Sprouts to get another bottle, i was told they don't carry it any more. Thank goodness i found it here.
This is a great morning tea it has no crash and keeps me going through the entire day.  I do love to drink coffee although this doesn't have the coffee taste it does have the kick I would strongly recomend this!
This sugar goes wonderfully with coffee. I have started using it in soy lattes instead of brown sugar.  It has a more mild sweetness than regular sugar which actually complements flavors better.  It also has a slight maple taste to it that is very enjoyable.  Even though it is a more mild taste I have been using less of it than the sugar I am replacing it with.  The texture also melts better in hot beverages.  I haven't yet tried baking with it, although I plan to soon.
We use this on our Jura Capresso machine, it is by far the best coffee we have drank. No bitterness, great flavor, can be drank with no cream or sugar if needed.
I use it in my coffee and to make my morning smoothies. And it combines two of my favorite flavors in one. I haven't been able to find it again on amazon though, so I'm hoping someone carries it again and at the same reasonable price.
6/28/2012Tapioca pudding is delicious, but the prepared pudding in the stores is expensive and contains many calories.  So I thought it would be easy and economical to make at home.  (I didn't realize how little tapioca you put in each batch, and bought three more of these boxes than I will ever use.)Predictably Bob's Red Mill recipe is excellent, but I don't want the sugar or the salt.  I have made several variations so I'll jump to my latest recipe.I make a double batch using one cup of pearls and six cups of non-fat milk, no water.  Instead of using sugar, I put ten packets of Costco's sucralose sweetener in the main pudding, and four packets in the egg whites (using four eggs with the doubled recipe) before whipping.The main change I made with the latest batch is to put the cup of dry pearls into a coffee grinder, divided in two batches to fit into the grinder (the Krups coffee grinder from Amazon which is great).  I found that despite soaking the pearls even overnight that they were still too firm. After grinding the pearls, I soak them with the sweetener and all the milk overnight.Otherwise, I follow Red Mill's recipe as to the heating and cooling times, and adding the vanilla (one teaspoon).
I have to start by saying I am a "picky" coffee drinker and instant coffee was never found in my home. I received an offer for a free sample and I thought oh what the heck so I tried it and actually found it to be very good.  It is the best tasting instant that I have ever had.  It is nice to have this in the house for those times you just don't want to make a whole pot, I grab one of my larger coffee cups and two packages of Taster's Choice and I enjoy a nice strong cup of coffee.
This is the second order of this coffee for my husband.  The coffee is always fresh tasting & much better than regular instant coffee.
I don't spend the extra $'s at the coffee shop anymore - I make my flavored coffee at home now. Highly recommended.
I'm pregnant and had to,give up my hot cup of coffee. I thought maybe a hot cup of this will suffice? Sure does! Throw the kcup,in- and this is the best hot choc ever! I choke down my vitamins with it too! Worth it and so cheap here!
Sometimes, I'd rather have cocoa instead of coffee at work. This meets my cocoa craving. I do not need to add sugar - just add water and brew!
Truthfully, I wasn't expecting too much with this, but thought I would give it a try for something different for my Keurig. I have to say, that I was pleasantly surprised at how good this is.  My favorite is the dark chocolate, but the peppermint is very good as well.  I am not a real milk chocolate fan, but I mixed it with some coffee for a mocha and it was very good. I would definitely purchase this again.
My brother owns a Keurig one cup coffee maker, which is an amazing device. I, however, don't drink coffee. When I came across these Hot Cocoa K-cups, I took a chance. They're incredibly good, and it gives me a chance to share a hot drink with the coffee crowd without having to boil water or milk. This 24-pack is priced well against the coffee K-cups as well.
I usually drink Click with water and ice in the blender. You'd think you have gone to your favorite coffee shop and got a frozen coffee drink! When you use the blender, there is never any lumps. I hope all of you Click lovers try it this way and enjoy it as much as I do!
I don't write too many reviews, but after trying Click I thought I would share a review in the hopes that it sways some people to try it. I first must admit I'm a 20-something guy who has tried a number of protein products in my day, some good, most bad to terrible. My personal favorite is muscle milk light due to its flavor and ease of mixing. After trying Click, I can't imagine a better protein drink early in the morning. The flavor is excellent (I prefer Vanilla Latte over Mocha personally) and it mixes with ease. Great in water or milk. Recently I've been blending it in the morning with Almond Milk and a few ice cubes and it's awesome. I usually don't like Vanilla Latte drinks at Starbucks because the vanilla is overpowering but not with this mix.  It's really not even accurate to call it "Vanilla Latte". I think its just an improved Mocha flavor, which is what I'd prefer. 15 grams of protein in the morning helps curb your appetite and its also low in sugar in fat which is usually a problem with protein drinks.  Biggest problem I can find is that Click is clearly being marketed towards women given the bright pink/purple canister and female stick figure on the label.  Honestly, this is a product that both health conscience men and women should be happy to use in the morning. Right now I don't know another company that is offering a product like this (Muscle Milk has a coffee flavor but it's not as good) and given how important breakfast is to a healthy diet and a weight loss plan, Click is a great addition to your pantry. The price is fair, especially since you'll get a discount through Amazon.  If your interested in losing weight, give Click a try. It's less than you'll pay for a week of bagels and coffee at Starbucks and a whole lot healthier for you.
I drink a shake every morning! I look forward to it EVERY DAY - no joke - I've always preferred iced coffee so I have mine cold (it's making my mouth water now!)Click protein is a PERFECT way for BARIATRIC patients to supplement their daily protein. I especially love Click because I was a DIE HARD STARBUKS customer - knew my regular crew, could pull up to the drive through and when they heard my voice they knew what to make!I make my shakes with milk or water -whatever I'm in the mood for (the milk helps boost the protein) and I use a Blender Ball bottle (this powder is super fine so you don't necessarily have to have a blender bottle, it just makes it easier).Not only has my energy level improved, my hair and skin are FABULOUS and I can enjoy breakfast every morning knowing there's nothing that's going to upset my stomach. I've SAVED MONEY TOO - I've said good bye to Starbucks. The espresso boost in Click satisfies my coffee fix and I never tire of it.It is HANDS DOWN THE BEST PROTEIN DRINK I HAVE EVER HAD (and honey...I have tried them all!)
I absolutely love Click!  I am not always the best about drinking protein shakes, but Click has become a TASTY alternative to my usual morning/afternoon lattes.  It's great iced during the summer, and hot during the winter.  I love to add sugar free coffee syrups and make different gourmet latte drinks like the big chain coffee shops, my favorites are hazelnut and cinnamon dolce.  Click rocks!!
I love to have this protein drink almost every morning.  I make mine cold with milk, and it tastes like a fancy coffee-shop drink, without any of that funky protein taste or smell so many protein shakes can have.  I reccomend this to anyone looking for a new proetin drink.
First of all, I NEVER write reviews, and nope...I'm not an employee of their company either. But if I'm going to write a review about anything...CLICK is it. If you like coffee, strong coffee like Starbuck Coffee, you'll LOVE CLICK Mocha Double Cappuccino. It's strong, but without the choking bitterness of too strong coffee. CLICK makes a perfect morning wake up, and I've been a "gotta have a pot of coffee to wake-up" person for many years. CLICK is great! Two scoops, stir it around in your cup...zap it in the micro for 1 minute, stir again...another 30 seconds, and all done...simply perfect eye opener. I drink this first, while my pot of coffee is brewing, and within 15 minutes I'm human again. No guilt either, because this has 15 grams of protein and all your vitamins and good stuff to get you going. It's like one of those trendy 1 oz. power shots, but only better because it's also a meal replacement.After buying two canisters at my physician's office for 24.00 apiece, 16.00 per canister (plus free shipping) when you buy from Amazon scheduled shipping, is quite a deal. That averages less than 1.25 per serving, far less expensive than a Starbucks daily, or even a local fast food coffee. That's my justification anyway...and I'm sticking to it :-)Coffee and Chocolate...who could ask for more!~Nonna-Deb
i love this it helps keep me away from the coffee shop at work. great for people who have had gastric bypass surgery.
If you like a bold, rich coffee, this one is for you. I have a Senseo coffee maker, and Baronet is my brand of choice. The pods are a little large for the single pod holder, and they are a tight fit, but they work well. The Sumatra Dark Roast is very bold in flavor, with hints of cocoa, a slight smokiness, and a creamy finish that lingers on the tongue - one of my favorites! This is excellent coffee.
We tried almost every vegan creamer we could get our hands on, that wasn't full of hydrogenated junk, yet I like my coffee very creamy without a bunch of floating powder in the cup.  This dissolves very nicely and tastes very creamy.  You can virtually not tell the difference between this and a non-vegan powdered creamer.  I highly recommend this!
This coffee is simply the best tasting coffee. It has a great flavor and can't stop drinking it LOVE IT
Hazelnut was always my favorite before k-cups were invented, and I have to say this Gloria Jean's Hazelnut is no exception!  My favorite of all the flavored coffees I have tried, I particularly like Gloria Jean's flavors the best, particularly the Butter Toffee, and the Capuccino is also very good.
What a great find--my favorite coffee flavor with stress-free ordering and shipping.  And a really good price to add to its appeal.  My Keurig and I appreciate this product!
I love this coffee and drink it daily.  However, it is a little weak, even though it has good flavor.  I usually use two k cups with the regular setting to fill my travel mug every morning.  Gotta watch Amazon though...we used to use Wolfgang Puck's Hawaiian Hazelnut, but they jacked up the prices so we switched to this one.
It seems like they have tried to improve the selection of coffees since the reviews that I read. These are the coffees that I received and the quantity of each flavor.Green Mountain - Wild Mountain Blueberry (4), Hazelnut Noisette (6), French Vanilla (6), Caramel Vanilla Cream (6), Mocha Nut Fudge (3), Gingerbread (2), Golden French Toast (2), Pumpkin Spice (1)Donut House - Chocolate Glazed Donut (2)Gloria Jeans - Butter Toffee (1), Hazelnut (1)Timothy's - Kahlua (1)I didn't get some of the flavors that I would have liked to have tried from the list but maybe I'll get them the next time I order. I will probably order again when these are gone. :)
Since I am not a coffee drinker (I know shocker, we are out there!) I sometimes need a little pick me up in the morning.  This organic breakfast blen tea is great in doing that.  I can brew it as strong as I need it to be in the morning to give me that little extra oomph in the morning. I love Stash Organic tea, the English Breakfast Organic tea is also delicious.
I'm a full fledged chocolate lover and this coffee is luscious. I don't buy this coffee regularly because it's not in my budget anymore, but I have always recognised their product as superior. I found this coffee to be smooth and indulgent. It is wonderful in the morning if you have time to lounge while you're sipping, or as a nice afternoon present to yourself.I plan on serving it with dessert for the holiday with a rum cake and ice cream. I'd certainly recommend this to those who love coffee and love chocolate. It's truly sinful.
Oh this is so good! I actually like it better than Duncan Donuts Pumpkin Spice Latte and you can make this right in your own kitchen!! Full of flavor--it's a warm treat. I even put an extra shot of instant coffee in for a little 'wake up' and it's great. The foam on top is just enough, not too much. I hope they have this all year and not just in the fall. YUMMY! Serve at Thanksgiving dinner!
I am told that I like a little coffee with my milk and sugar so a sweet/pumpkin coffee did appeal to me.  It is a different flavor.  My first cup was a little watery and I was a bit dubious, but a second cup when I used a bit less water and added a little milk seemed to take care of that.  I'd probably have gone 4.5 stars if I had the option, I don't think it's the best flavored coffee I've ever had, but I think that most people tend to think if you go 4 stars that there was something "wrong" or "bad" about the product.  If you enjoy sweet flavored coffees and like pumpkin flavoring you'll love this one.  If you buy it, I hope you enjoy and thank you for taking the time to read my review.
I already drink the Cafe Viena, which was the only flavor I really liked; now I have two favorates! The pumpkin spice is really yummy, and I usually don't like pumpkin flavored foods. I used just a little less than suggested on the package and it was plenty sweet and flavorfull. I'm a black coffee drinker, so I don't like my flavored coffee too sweet. I love the spices. I will be buying this flavor again! It's worth a try, especially during the holidays.
This Maxwell House International Coffee Pumpkin Spice Latte is delicious, and creamy without adding anything but water.  Very thick and tasting of pumpkin spice. I just wish it came in a larger size!
I liked this coffee mix a lot. It has a subtle pumpkin spice flavor, and makes a really nice creamy latte. Maybe not quite as good as the brand name coffee houses make it, but a great alternative for those on a budget who still want a flavored coffee that will put you in the holiday mood on a cold winter night.
I LOVE THIS PRODUCT AND COMPANY. They are consistently good and their price is competitive and it's delivered to my door. Whole flaxseed, according to a doctor, retains it's vitamins. I use my coffee grinder to make flaxseed meal, then use it on toast, cereal and for baking. It's a wonderful way to get those needed Omega's.  :-D
One of the top nutritious foods out there I grind 1 TB at a time for my smoothies but it can be put in anything, though best not to head it to get the live nutrient benefit. Has to be ground up for the body to absorb it and you need to grind as you go (I use a tiny electric coffee grinder which I also reviewed). If you grind ahead of time it looses nutrients the longer its exposed to air.Nancy RectorAuthor of "A Painful Truth - The Entrapment of America's Sick"(How Being Ill Got Me Arrested)
Market Spice Tea is my favorite tea.  Each sip is smooth and sparkly, invigorating and contemplative.  It floats across your tongue and then kicks each taste bud into attention.  A simplified description is a highly caffeinated smooth black tea with cinnamon and orange spices.  It is important to keep this tea in glass jar to keep fresh. I recommend 3 spoons to 4 cups of water and steep for 3-4 minutes only.This tea gives you a smooth "high" that is just as strong but longer lasting than coffee.  So if you are sensitive to caffeine, limit your intake in the evening.  It's perfect for sharing with friends (which is what I do with the 1 lb. bags).
I am not that picky, but because I can't afford a good burr grinder, I need preground espresso. And I mostly use espresso for lattes. I know, I know, I'm not a purist. I tried several brands from the store and they were absolutely terrible. Then a friend recommended Illy. I tried both the Illy dark and medium roast, and they were great on their own, but the dark roast overwhelmed my latte and the medium roast wasn't quite strong enough. I needed to find a "middle ground."Enter Lavazza in Blu. It makes the best latte. I DO like the Illy better on its own than the Lavazza in Blu. But for a latte, hands down, the Lavazza in Blu wins. This is going to sound odd, but I think it's because it has more of a "generic" taste than the Illy. With the Illy, I could never get the right amount for a latte. It was either too strong or weak for my latte (even when I weighed it on my food scale). With Lavazza, it feels almost fool-proof. I've made about 20 lattes with the Lavazza. Every single one has been fabulous. (As an aside, both the Illy and the Lavazza win hands-down over Sbux, even in my cheap espresso machine.)Overall, I would say that this is great preground espresso. The grind is perfect for my low-end (Mr. Coffee) pump espresso machine. And it makes a fantastic latte! No bitterness or noticeable acidity. And it's half the cost of Illy. The only problem is that I have yet to find this particular Lavazza product in any stores in my area.
I am a huge fan of ginger snaps so when I tried Newman's Organic Ginger Snaps I was pleasantly surprised at how good they taste!  They are also crunchy which give them the extra "Snap" (and they are a perfect compliment to coffee or tea!).  The flavor is distinctly ginger like but not too sharp and not too sweet.  They tasted very fresh as well.  The size of the cookies is on the small size so they are perfect for kids or for tea time!  Be warned, though... you could eat the entire bag!
Newman's Own and I have had a really good relationship thus far; I have at least liked, and most usually loved, every product I have tried from them. Their organic ginger snaps are no exception. The cookies are relatively small (somewhere between 1-1/2 to 2 inches in diameter), but they are filled to the brim with gingery goodness, which you would hope for in a ginger snap. I wouldn't think these would be for someone with a casual liking of ginger, but for those who enjoy it more, these are sure to please as far as flavor goes. As for the crunch, these are a hard cookie and not for those with gentle teeth, but they are, after all, a ginger snap. Ginger snaps are not known to be soft in any way, shape, or form. Rest assured that these won't break in shipment. My bag of cookies survived their journey even though they came in a soft envelope, which in turn was crammed into my cluster mailbox. However, when I opened the bag, I only found two broken pieces equaling a cookie. That's one tough cookie!As far as nutrition goes, it's pretty good: 5 cookies in a serving, 130 calories (30 from fat), saturated fat 1.5 grams, sugar is 12 grams (not great but it is a cookie so far better than most other choices). The ingredients in order: Organic Unbleached Wheat Flour, Organic Sugar, Molasses, Organic Palm Fruit Oil, Candied Ginger (ginger, sugar), Ground Ginger, Salt, Leavening (sodium bicarbonate, monocalcium, phosphate), Soy Lecithin, Spice. While these claim to be Vegan, I see that it doesn't say 'organic sugar' listed in the ingredients to the candied sugar, just 'sugar', so one wonders about that. If you're unfamiliar with the Newman's Own brand, it was co-founded by Paul Newman as a company where all profits from their food items go to various charities after taxes. It's a great cause that has fantastic, healthy, and quality products that while may be a bit pricier than other brands, won't break the bank.A little note, you might want to have a glass of milk, or cup of tea or coffee hanging around, because these ginger snaps really do snap back!
My husband and I are not big coffee drinkers. We find in the morning it is much needed, but......ONLY IF......we have this NESTLE FAT FREE cocoa powder mix as the sweetner. We don't use creamer, milk, or sugar, but love this as the sweetner. We are both watching our weight and find this wonderful as it has very few calories, low sugar, and no fat. If you haven't tried it in coffee, you really should. Our local grocery store we shop had not had it for a few weeks. I was almost out, and couldn't find it. I went on line to Amazon, and not only found it, but found it in the canister, and cheaper than buying all the individual packets. We like this better because you can scoop and measure easier. I would highly recommend this product, just save some for me. Can't live without it now! I'm hooked! Hope you enjoy too.Sonya Hamilton
I purchased this pack of 4 because the size is perfect for my husband to take to work. He loves this brand of cocoa with the rich milk chocolate taste. He likes to mix it with his French press coffee and make a poor man's mocha. Tastes great and saves us money!
I really like Nestle non fat hot cocoa mix.It is low cal but still tastes good. I mix it with dry instant coffee and put in my  microwaved hot water. I used to buy the cocoa mix at the store and had to buy  the packets because the store didn't carry the canisters.It is cheaper getting it through Amazon.com!!
This is my second box of 108 K Cups of this blend.  What more can I say.  This is good, medium roast coffee without harsh or bitter overtones.  Well done.
I used to get my coffee from Gevalia, but they have become very expensive.  I get twice as much for about the same price.  The smell of the coffee is better and it tastes wonderful.  It is the only coffee I drink and it starts off my day in the best possible manner.
I was looking for something tasting better and safer processing than the store brands. I like this so much, I subscribed ordering for it. It has a good taste. I use this only with my coffee toddy, so I can't compare it prepared any other way.
What can I say the blend and roasting on these fantastic beans is perfect. That other reviewer is probably spam. I live in New Orleans and this is the best coffee you can buy.
This tea is really. It's just as good as the lapsang tea I've gotten from an upscale NYC coffee house. It was also delivered promptly.
This was a cake mix that we always had around the house when I was growing up.  I liked eating it for breakfast, dessert, snack, whatever.  My family was very familiar with it and we loved it.  Over the years, it became harder to find in stores.  I think the last time we had it was about 7 years ago.  I felt like having coffee cake recently, so we tried another brand.  It was pretty awful.  I came on to Amazon, found this old favorite, and ordered.It arrived quickly and I made a box that night for my family.  It brought back a flood of memories for me as I mixed it up in the familiar plastic bag, poured it into the cardboard tray and added the crumb topping.  I liked to mix the batter in that bag when I was a child.  Now, it seemed a little difficult to get all the lumps out.  I had to use a fork to break some up before adding the topping.  Other than that, the cake is as easy to make as before.  It turned out well.  The cake had the same flavor and texture as years ago.We all agreed that it still tastes the same as we remembered, however, it is a little saltier than it used to be.  But, it is hands-down still the best coffee cake mix.
I bought this to try in our Saeco espresso machine, and for occasional use in the Keurig My-Cup drip coffee machine. It was a great deal at the time (still is, really). For drip coffee, it comes out full bodied, but maybe a little watery-more like a traditional Americano style espresso, with light crema. In the Saeco (which we have an "entry level" Saeco), it creates a wonderful medium-full bodied espresso, thick crema, and wonderful for mixing into any cappuccino or latte of your choice. It tastes like it came out of a much more expensive machine. We usually use Illy, which we're pleased with; but I'll certainly choose Lavazza in future, especially for the price.
For when you are too lazy to grind your own.  Really good espresso coffee.  100% arabica.
Nice to have the espresso coffee sent periodically, automatically. Great to have some genuine Italian roasted espresso at a decent price and right at the door.
We are cutting back on coffee at home for a variety of reasons and no longer brew an entire pot. We love coffee...tried all kinds of brewing, brands, and roasts and still plan to. For morning convenience, we tried instant, Starbucks VIA.  While wonderful, I found the price per serving to be only practical while traveling and not for everyday use. I stumbled across this coffee at the grocery and thought I'd give it a shot. Well, I am hooked. Tastes great and it is much easier to create a cup while still half sleepy.  Avid Amazon shopper, so I will get it here next time.  Did I mention that it only costs about 8 cents/cup?
This coffee is easy to make all you need is boilin water.  It taste great and is a great way to enjoy your coffee.
I was always a Columbian coffee drinker until I tried this.  A friend had given me a Keurig coffee maker, so I tried many samples.  Ultimately, this one was best for regular coffee.  I also love Timothy's Columbian Decaf.
We tried The Pod Columbia Supremo coffee as our favorite Senseo brand is out-of-stock. We were pleasantly surprised by how smooth tasting this coffee is and plan to buy this brand again. There is far less bite than the Senseo coffee and overall we probably like The Pod Columbia Supremo a bit better. Of course variety is the spice of life, so we will probably drink the Senseo too; but The Pod Columbia Supremo is our current new favorite.Recommend.
I absolutely love the convenience of K-cups and Pumpkin Spice is a favorite flavor of mine by Green Mountain coffee.  It's not always in stock so if you think you might want it, grab it before it's gone.  The price will vary on it as well, so as a general rule the closer you can get to thirty dollars on a 50 pack for k-cups the better.  I scored mine for thirty-one dollars.  There is a good spice flavor with the pumpkin and it goes well with my efforts to eliminate sugar from my coffee.  I'm just trying to enjoy the natural flavors with a hint of milk.  This is a great flavor for that goal.
IT WAS THE HOLIDAYS AND I HAD JUST PURCHASED A KEIRUG COFFEE MAKER WITH THE K CUPS...I LOVE IT AND I WANTED TO TRY PUMPKIN SPICE COFFEE...BUT I CHECK EVERYWHERE INCLUDING COFFEECOW...AND EVERYONE WAS OUT...SO I FOUND JUST WHAT I WANTED ON AMAZON.COM AND FOR A VERY REASONABLE PRICE..IT CAME QUICKLY AND WAS DELICIOUS...........AND I GOT IT WHEN I WANTED IT ,,DURING THE HOLIDAYS..I HAVE ORDERED SEVERAL TIMES ON AMAZON.COM AND HAVE ALWAYS BEEN PLEASED..
This coffee is really good.  The pumpkin spice is not too strong and not too weak.  I started off adding pumpkin spice creamer to it, but i actually prefer it black.This makes a great fall coffee!
I love pumpkin spice coffee from Dunkin Donuts, but the DD brand is to expensive. I saw the reasonable price of Green Mountains Pumpkin coffee and decided to try it. It is fantastic! If you like pumpkin spice I would recommend this coffee.
Another hard to forget favorite was my drake's coffee cakes. These were mini coffee cakes complete with the streusel topping that tasted so good with milk. The bottom of the cakes were like buttery pound cake, while the top was a sugary streusel crumble. These cakes were perfect for my lunchbag.  I love cake and thought that this small muffin sized one was so good and filling. It was a great treat then and now I still relish them.
I love this sauce on my oatmeal and in my coffee ... and on my sugar free ice cream.  It's sweetened with Splenda so it doesn't have side effects like Sorbitol sweetener.
I never go to Starbucks for my coffee fix, but was curious about the Clover machine they had at a few select locations.  I tried the Blue Java and was very impressed with the quality and complexity of the coffee.  This and Blue Bottle Coffee are the beans I use for my drip at home.  My fuel!
My favorite K-Cup flavor! A mild rather than a strong coffee strength, it really has a flavor reminiscent of a local donut shop or Denny's cup of coffee.Highly recommended!
Let me begin by saying that I REALLY like coffee.  And I strongly favor the darkest, boldest flavors.  I'm generally not a big fan of flavored coffees.  Most of them use the flavors to hide the fact that the coffee itself is not that great.  Imagine my shock when I found the opposite to be true of this coffee.  Even without the coconut flavor, this would be a rich, delicious coffee.  And the coconut flavor just serves to enhance what is already a tasty brew.  Quite simply, this is by far the most delicious flavored coffee I have ever tasted.  But do yourself a favor...try it yourself, and take a few moments just to inhale the aroma.  From the first tantalizing scent to the last sip, this coffee is a great  experience.  By the way...I just ordered some more of it!
In my opinion this is the best flavored k-cup available!!! If you like flavored coffee you need to give it a try. The flavor is great with a strong coconut taste. My only criticism is that you can't get it year round. So if you like it stock up!!!
I heard about this coffee late.  It is a Special Edition flavor of Green Mountain, that only comes out in the spring till it's gone.  I think it would have been even better with a more bold say medimum roast versus the light roast they use.If you like coconut it adds an unusual and different taste to coffee.  I would never have thought of coconut as a flavor for coffee but it is actually very good.
Green Mountain Coffee should really consider making the Island Coconut k-cup available year round! It is my very favorite flavored k-cup! The taste is fantastic black and I also love it iced for a nice summer treat. It's not necessarily super sweet, but just right and enough flavor to make it an amazing coffee. I also get a lot of comments about how good my coffee smells when I bring this flavor to work in my travel mug. Please keep making this flavor, even if it is just available for part of the year!
My review is pretty much in the title. The coffee itself was fantastic. Great flavor and I highly recommend it for any coffee lovers out there.The only trouble I had was in the shipping. One of the vacuum sealed bricks had been compromised with a slice in the side of it.Nevertheless, the coffee was still useable in my opinion.
I love this coffee! It's so super smooth and yummy. I make it in my French press every Sunday morning. Highly recommended! I get it on subscription from amazon and the price is really great! Cheaper then the supermarket and I don't have to do a thing!
i use this for a stovetop espresso coffee maker and it worksgreat and the taste is nice and smooth.  All lavazza coffeesare extremely good.
I discovered this coffee while I was in Munich, Germany.  It is the smoothest, non-bitter coffee I had ever had.  I was able to get a few bricks back to the US but needed to find a way to get more.  Then I found it on Amazon.Most people on here use it for their espresso machines, but I just use my "Black-n-Decker" coffee maker.  My guests always ask where they can get their hands on it.  A few friends and family have transitioned from their Maxwell House to Lavazza!
I needed to find a grind and roast that would fit my need for the taste I was used to with my home espresso machine, a high end Illy that broke and left me after 10 years of service! I went low tech and bought a Bialetti stainless steel 4 cup model with a valve system that creates foam and great crema. The Lavazza crema e gusto ground coffee works perfectly in this pot, only takes a few minutes to brew and the taste is wonderful, full bodied, rich and with no bitterness. For me, it lingers with a bit of smokiness and overtone of dark chocolate. Sometimes I place a very thin 99% cocoa square on the back of my tongue if I'm drinking this coffee later in the day and have a craving for something. It can distract me from many other more caloric choices!
This is a delightful dark roast with lots of oils and smooth rich flavor. If you subscribe to this product, you can get it for about $7 a pound, which is substantially cheaper than the much inferior product at the grocery store. Unless I can get back to Portland and buy some Buckmaster's Coffee, this is my second favorite.
This is one of my favorite coffees. I used to buy it ground in bags locally but they stopped carrying it. It's smooth, light and not bitter at all. Beautiful caramel/nutty undertones give it a very nice after taste. I just wish this wasn't as expensive. I've recently been hooked on Tully's Kona Blend because I can get it locally at reasonable prices.
MY DAUGHTER AND I HAVE BEEN TESTING SEVERAL BRANDS AND THE CARIBOU COFFEE DAYBREAK MORNING BLEND HAS WON FOR US WHEN WE FIRST WAKE UP.  NOT TOO STRONG AND NOT TO WEAK-----JUST RIGHT THANK YOU TO GET US GOING FOR THE DAY. AMAZON HAS HIT THE SPOT AGAIN FOR ORDERING ON LINE BECAUSE THE GROCERY RUNS OUT AND THIS WAY, WE KNOW WE CAN HAVE IT WHEN WE WANT IT. I ALSO ORDER BOOKS AND FOR MY KINDLE ALSO AND HAVE NO TROUBLE RECEIVING WHEN THEY SAY THEY WILL ARRIVE. I USE AMAZON  BECAUSE I AM TOTALLY IMPRESSED WITH HOW THEY HANDLE THEIR CUSTOMERS.
I always purchase this product at the store but since I have Amazon Prime why waist time, energy and money going to the local grocery store when I can get a 3 pack delivered to my house for free. It was packed beautifully and the coffee is good.
I am crazy for this soup! My favorite method of consumption is to make a batch and drink it from an oversized coffee mug...the soup is nice and smooth, easy to sip. Furthermore, Hometown Favorites is a very fun online store to shop...you're unlikely to get out of there with only soup in your shopping cart!
I love this flavor of Green Mountain coffee and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a full bodied taste.
Great coffee. Easy to use filter pasks.  Maxwell House Ground Coffee, 10-Count Filter Packs (Pack of 4)
Excellent product -- just what the coffee doctor (and lazy lady in the morning) ordered.
This is an excellent flavored coffee.I have bought other flavored coffees and they really don't have much flavor to them. This coffee has an excellent taste of chocolate mint. I just love it.
Awesome! Great tasting and good for you too.  Terrific for backpacking, bicyling or just anytime you want a lift!  Chocolate, coffee and ginger. What a combo.  Yummm!
My husband Kurt and I are very satisfied with Now Foods Stevia extract. We are very health conscious. Our products must be healthy, pure and natural. After searching, this is the only stevia we will buy. We recommend it to our family and anyone who wants to stay away from sugar.  Other products are full of chemicals that are worse than the sugar.  Now Foods Stevia extract powder is natural.  We only use about 1/8 of a teaspoon for a full 8oz cup of coffee. Even that may be too much. We buy it by the pound and it lasts a long time.  How can anyone not use this product to substitute sugar?! It is an excellent product. We give it at least five stars.Honestly and sincerely, Kurt & Linda.Now Foods Stevia Extract - Powder 1 lbs
This is very good coffee.I am ready to reorder again.Just would like for it to be in larger bags.A little expensive but well worth the money! Thanks,Bambi S.C.
This coffee is great tasting with no bitterness, great aroma. I will buy again. Gets a big A+ from us.
These are fabulous! I saw in an online review of Dr. Lucy's cookies someone complaining about broken cookies when they arrived. Yes, some of the cookies will be broken, though not a lot. I think they break because of their unusual texture. I wish I knew the trick of making a cookie like this. They taste great, but a big part of what I just love about these cookies is their texture -- it's that airyness and crispness. Personally, they are addictive. I finished my first two boxes (I had bought, as a test, one of the 16 pack boxes in Cinnamon and one in Sugar) and sadly after a month or so I had eaten them all. I tried baking something simliar and couldn't do it -- though when I have mroe time, I'll give it many more tries. So just a couple days ago, I ordered a 16 pack box or cinnamon, sugar, and now I'm trying for the first time the oatmeal. I do recommend these cookies; they are my afternoon treat -- one pack of cookies (only 120 calories) and a good cup of decaf coffee and I'm fine till dinner!
My daughters have been addicted to Starbucks for a while but I am not a coffee drinker.  I do however love chai tea.  I have a dairy allergy and other chai concentrates contain milk but this one does not.  It's wonderful with soy milk.BTW...it's only a little over $3 at Wal Mart.
This Columbian coffee tastes great and works perfectly in my Senseo brewer. It is better than the Senseo brand Columbian coffee and only costs a few cents more. I also tried Cafe Classics Columbian, but it is not as good as Baronet and costs more. I highly recommend this coffee.
I will be honest. I bought this coffee because of the name. I automatically thought of the movie Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy when they are talking about "sex panther" and I figured what the hell and ordered it out of curiosity.Was I surprised!At the first sip I thought this coffee was brewed with pure awesomeness!!Dark, smooth and tastes amazing.If you like the dark strong coffees (ie: Jet Fuel) then you will defiantly like Black Tiger.
I was surprised at how great this coffee tasted and for .40 a cup it is also very economical considering they sell for .55 elsewhere. I would implore any one that has a K-Cup to get these. For all of us I want a fresh cup now, this is out ticket.
My wife loves STRONG coffee. this is the only K-cup that did the trick for her. Makes a good bold cup of coffee.
I drink my coffee black and prefer the bolder, stronger k-cups.  I don't like the french roasts or the other dark roasts, but I do like my coffee strong.  After having tried many different extra bolds, Coffee People's Black Tiger and Gloria Jean's Black Gold have become my favorites.  I alternate between the two of them and sprinkle in Green Mountain's Sumatran Reserve now and then which is also very good.
*THIS* is the stuff right here!I had been going through a ton of K-CUP varieties trying to find a really good, strong coffee. I'm a bit of a coffee-snob and most of the K-CUPs I tried just left me saying "Meh... It's 'ok'. Not terrible, not great just 'ok'."Even the K-CUPs marked 'extra-bold' left me wondering who decided this coffee was even deserving of the name "slightly bold", let alone "extra bold". I usually found myself using 2 K-CUPS, and running the small cup size twice just to get 1 decent cup of coffee - and even then the flavor just wasn't quite "there" (to me, they always taste "old", as if someone ground halfway-decent beans but then left it out open and exposed to the air overnight to spoil.).. and then I picked up some Black Tiger.. Yeah!!! This is the *only* K-CUP I've found so far where I can choose the 12 oz brewing size and still get decent cup of coffee that doesn't taste like someone rinsed out my cup and served me hot water instead of coffee.Now even as such, this coffee is *still* not nearly as good as the cup of coffee that I can get with my good old french press using coffee that was roasted 2 days ago and ground 2 minutes ago. Sorry, ain't no way a K-CUP is going to get you that level of coffee. Ever.However, this variety is still darn good for a K-CUP and definitely deserving of my morning cup of coffee! (coming from me, that's saying *alot*!)
I have drank coffee for years and have now found myself needing to stop drinking it for health reasons. I have tried other coffee substitutes in the past and none of them were worth drinking or giving up coffee. I just bought this today at the health food store and it tastes as good if not better than any cup of coffee I have ever drank. Of coarse I did add my favorite creamer Coffee Mate Belgian Chocolate Toffee and a little Hazelnut stevia to it that made it so yummy. It wasn't weak like some teas can be when you're use to a bold cup of coffee. I believe I've finally found the coffee substitute that I will be able to use to stop drinking coffee and save a little money not going to Starbucks all the time. I highly recommend this to anyone wanting to have a great substitute for a good cup of coffee. Celestial Seasonings out did themselves with this incredible coffee substitute.
Incredible flavor without the kick of caffeine. No more waking at 2 in the morning. I can drink great tasting coffee at any time.
I have tried many organic coffees and this one is by far my favorite. There is absolutely no acidity in this coffee, it tastes perfectly smooth.There is just enough chocolate to give that mocha taste without being over-powering. I disagree with other reviewer who would like more of a chocolate taste, any more chocolate would make it a coffee flavored chocolate and not a cocoa flavored coffee.I like a very strong coffee (1 tablespoon of coffee for 1 cup of water) and this coffee can be made strong without any bitterness.It makes for a very satisfying cup of coffee in the morning, the only problem I have with it is that I keep craving it throughout the day, it's that good!
can't order this from Amazon for Hawaii but luckily we have it in da health food store (for albeit more $$$). Just have to state it's one of the most satisfying chocolate mixes: dark, smooth, rich..... I'm dumping my junk Ghiradelli! With my stove top espresso maker (non-aluminum) and this cocoa I don't even bother going to the coffee spots because besides a few gourmet kine places my home version now tastes best. nyum
I have tried many espresso brands and grounds but none beat this one.  Kimbo Gold is genuine espresso from Napels, famed for its incomparable coffee, and uses only the best Brazillian coffee beans.  Its taste can be best described as potent with a real kick, but without any bitterness, and with a deep yet clear espresso flavour.  I prefer it to some of the better known premium brands, such as the otherwise excellent Illy caffe. Its flavour is much richer and isn't even lost in a capuccino or latte - the milk if anything seems to bring out the flavour even more.  I highly recommend this espresso to anyone who is looking for the real thing.
I cannot stand dark coffee, and this one is great for me. Its medium roasted and smells great, lotsa flavor.
I was surprised to find that this Tree Hugger coffee was pretty good. I like stronger coffee, so I loved that it had a bold taste but didn't have the bitter after taste that sometimes comes with strong coffee. The next stronger one up from here is the Jet Fuel flavor also from Coffee People! :)
I'm not an "instant coffee" lover, but this tastes great.  I add it to a 16.9 oz. water bottle - shake it up and pour it over ice - add some milk.  Perfect amount of sweetness.  I also like that it's not artifically sweetened.  It's a little pricey, but perfect for the workplace.
I only drink iced coffee, and I've always been on the search for instant iced coffee.  People don't seem to understand that iced coffee is NOT the same as hot coffee with lots of ice in it.  In all my years of searching, there was only one other product that I came across at a high-end boutique grocery store which could compare.  However, it was an imported product, way too light, and cost waaay too much.  I bought Starbucks VIA as soon as it came onto the market.  I've already been addicted to Starbucks for years, but this is taking it to a whole new level for me.  To be able to have iced coffee instantly in the comfort of my home is a miracle!!One packet is good for a VERY large cup, and it is deep in flavor, with just the right amount of sugar.  I add 1/2 cold water and 1/2 milk.  Sometimes I'll make a small (almost like a shot) cup, with a lot of powder, and it is practically like espresso.THANK YOU, STARBUCKS.
Simply love the iced coffee and buy it to bring home whenever I can , but I simply cannot find any way of getting it in the UK , it's crazy , I'd buy it to take to work or a great change for an evening drink when it's hot, come on someone get it over here please !!!!!Buy the way you may of realised I love this stuff ....;-)
I am an admitted Starbucks addict. I spend $60 plus a month on coffee shop coffee. I am amazed at how good this tastes!!!! I am seriously considering only buying the via from now on. I have wanted to cut down my coffee bill and this makes it all possible. I have added Torani's white chocolate mocha sauce to this but only a tablespoon. It is perfectly sweet for me with this addition.  This may have been the best thing Starbucks has ever done in my opinion. Love it!
The iced coffee comes from starbucks,also get 1 dollar off each VIA box you order,it easy to make,instruction on box and each individual package,great price,great product, quick delivery,i have purchase 2 more boxes already.
My Nonni'sNonni's Biscotti, Originali, 8-Count Boxes (Pack of 12) Biscotti order, arrived as promised, with not even one biscotti injured from it's travels.  They are fresh and delicious.  I drink about one cup of coffeee, each morning, which helps me to ward off a migraine and I considerer it such a pleasure to have my Nonni's Biscoti's so available in my biscotti jar. I have had trouble lately, finding the original, my favorite, in the grocery or warehouse stores, so ordering by the case, was especially a convenience.
I use my large glass, fill with water and ice, throw the packet in, squirt in some Torani chocolate syrup, some Coffee-Mate liquid French vanilla creamer and top it off with some whipped cream. I was surprised how good it was! I wish I would have purchased more. My packs were 5 for $2.99. Worth that price for sure!
My husband and I are not big coffee drinkers. We find in the morning it is much needed, but......ONLY IF......we have this NESTLE FAT FREE cocoa powder mix as the sweetner. We don't use creamer, milk, or sugar, but love this as the sweetner. We are both watching our weight and find this wonderful as it has very few calories, low sugar, and no fat. If you haven't tried it in coffee, you really should. Our local grocery store we shop had not had it for a few weeks. I was almost out, and couldn't find it. I went on line to Amazon, and not only found it, but found it in the canister, and cheaper than buying all the individual packets. We like this better because you can scoop and measure easier. I would highly recommend this product, just save some for me. Can't live without it now! I'm hooked! Hope you enjoy too.Sonya Hamilton
I purchased this pack of 4 because the size is perfect for my husband to take to work. He loves this brand of cocoa with the rich milk chocolate taste. He likes to mix it with his French press coffee and make a poor man's mocha. Tastes great and saves us money!
I really like Nestle non fat hot cocoa mix.It is low cal but still tastes good. I mix it with dry instant coffee and put in my  microwaved hot water. I used to buy the cocoa mix at the store and had to buy  the packets because the store didn't carry the canisters.It is cheaper getting it through Amazon.com!!
Although it might be closer to milk chocolate than dark chocolate flavor, it makes great cheap fraps using two envelopes with a teaspoon of instant coffee and 2 cups of ice water.
We love the flavor of this coffee flavored drink. The vendor shipped very quickly and the price is very good for this large bag of coffee drink.
Love this brand of tea Celestial.  Especially the black english breakfast.  No longer a coffee drinker this is perfect.  Good blend.
At first the cost seems pricey, but if you consider how much coffee costs at Starbucks and other places, it is reasonable. The flavor varieties was good. I really like the convenience of the coffee being pre-measured. Just snip and pour.
I used to not like Coconut water.  When I was in Thailand in 2005 I had a fresh one sliced open and could barely put it down.  Years later, by forcing myself to love it, I now am addicted.  You can learn to love this stuff.  And with its many muscle revitalizing and cholesterol healing properties, you can too.  Coconut water reportedly has a unique long-form cholesterol that helps regulate bad cholesterol, among other healing properties.  Not a low calorie food, are you kidding?  This is nothing compared to juice, tea, soda, etc..  The only natural drinks that have it beat on calories are black coffee and tea. This product is not from concentrate and tastes delicious.  If I could afford it, I would only need this one drink for life and I'd be happy.
Timothy's Rainforest Espresso Extra Bold is a full flavored, full bodied, perfectly delicious coffee.  And the Keurig single serve system makes it so easy to brew a fresh cup each time.
This is one of my two favorite coffees in the world. You can't go wrong with this one.  You will enjoy it!
This is one of the best, full bodied coffee K-Cups, I have ever had. If you are looking for a very rich cup of java, try this.
These are a great deal for the price. Normally we buy our syrups from starbucks because there is no place that sells these Torani syrups. Saw these and thought we would try them out. We have always used Torani for our morning coffee so we knew we would like them. I'm excited to try the new flavors.The only problem is that they are stated as 150 ounces - I'm not sure where that is coming from because the bottle clearly states 25.4 Ounces.
I love the flavors I've tried so far. I use the Gingerbread on my Medifast Spiced Pancake teacup muffin and I love the Peppermint in my cocoa and hot tea.If you need to restrict your sugar intake, I would recommend giving these a try.I don't care as much for flavored coffees, but if you do, you will enjoy these flavors.I'm excited to try some new ideas with these tasty syrups.
Of all types of coffee this Turkish coffee is the very best.  Try it!!!  You will love the 'new' bold taste you have been missing in your coffee.
This powder milk is more cost-efficient than regular liquid milk. The taste, once suspended in water, is delicious, especially when frothed. The powder dissolves (more accurately, suspends) completely in water if you add it once the water has started whirling in the blender. I have been successful at mixing it completely without any residue by means of a blender, frother, or Moo Mixer. The resulting milk's taste is excellent, although it is not identical with liquid milk. Once mixed in with cocoa or coffee, however, there is no taste difference that I can detect.
Mudslide is a great chocolate flavored k-cup coffee. Reasonably strong and good tasting for those who like flavored coffee.
I use these flavoring tablets crushed and added to powdered dry milk to make my own sugar-free flavored coffee creamer. This is my husband's favorite flavor.
I dare you to eat this candy without involuntarily saying "Um-m-m" as each bite dissolves in your mouth.  It goes without saying that I'm addressing those among us who appreciate very dark chocolate.  This is THE BEST of that breed and, in addition, these bars contain just a hint of coffee, barely detectable, but enough that it adds "that little something."  As a matter of fact, besides their delicate flavor, the ground coffee beans also add a little crunch.  Different, but a winner!
This coffee is absolutely delicious!  And the smell is heavenly!  The caramel and vanilla flavors are just strong enough that they taste wonderful.  I do need to add Sweet and Low though because I like my coffee extra sweet.
Let me start off that before I bought my husband a Keurig for Christmas, I only drank a coffee drink once in a blue moon...when I stopped by a Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts and it was normally a latte, etc. But I decided to try out some of the flavored coffee, and after adding some sugar and milk, I now drink at least a couple of cups a day. The Caramel Vanilla Cream is my favorite thus far. Make no mistake, this is a sweeter coffee and a light roast. It's perfect for a gal like me that prefers a hint of the coffee flavor. The caramel and vanilla flavors stand out, much more than some of the other coffees I've tried.
Like others have said the price on here is high, and I bought it for a lot less at Kohls but am not going to give it a bad review over the price.  The cofee is very good.It does taste just like Carmel Vanilla.  It is very strong, so if you don't like your coffee super strong I would recomend brewing a larger cup if you have an adjustable cup size setting on your brewer.  If I drink it hot I brew the large travel size cup and it is the perrfect strength for me.  It is very good brewed as an ice coffee, and seeing it is a stronger brew, it is great for iced coffee.I like to put in sugar free Vanilla syrup isntead of splenda to sweeten it and that really enhances the flavor.  I am sure it would be great with carmel syrup as well.
You can buy these for 13.75 at big cat coffee and I recieved them within 12 hours and as long as 2 days. Good company and great coffee!!
Emeril's Big Easy Bold has incredibly great flavor. I like my coffee strong and this is perfect
I love my Keurig brewer, but was torn that Starbucks and Seatle's Best was not available. When I found Emeril's, I was curious at first and loved it immediately. It's dark and a bold coffee but not acidic. It's balanced well and flavorful...I'd recommend it to anyone that enjoy's a well balanced, full flavor coffee...cheers.
Emeril's K-cups, Big Easy Bold for Keurig Brewers, 24 Count Boxes (Pack of 2) As the name implies a bold cup of coffee with great taste.
I love this coffee. It has much better flavor than other strong dark coffees. Highly recommend to people who like coffee to have taste and flavor after having creamer in it.
This is an item that I purchase at least every two months, it's a great tasting coffee and would recommend to everyone.
This is a good coffee if you like bold, as it is strong and smooth. No bitterness or acidic aftertaste, just good strong coffee.
I just received a Kuerig coffee maker for Christmas and had already tried this brand in a friend's machine.  It is a good, strong cup of coffee.  K-cups functioned perfectly.
I am wary of celebrity chef endorsements for coffee, but I was wrong here...this coffee is BOLD, DARK and beautiful.....one of the best K-cup's of coffee I have tasted so far. Excellent balance with cream, this along with Green Mountain dark magic are my two favorite K-cups!
Wonderful, especially since I like bold coffee.  We have subscribed to monthly shipments of it and Emeril's decaf.Leesburg, VA
My wife just gave me a Cuisinart K-cup coffee maker for Christmas, and I was very happy until I tried the so called "extra bold" k-cups that came with the machine.  It tasted much too weak.  We bought some decaf for her at the store, and it was worse.  As much as I liked the concept of the machine and the ease of brewing coffee, I was prepared to return it.  We went to the store today and I saw Emril's Big Easy Dark Roast K-Cup and decided to give it a try.  To give it a fair shot, I was going to set it on 8 ounces as I had the other coffees, but I forgot to put the maker on that setting, and it was at 10 ounces.  What resulted was a great cup of nice and strong coffee.  If this is not strong enough for you, you must be drinking "battery acid" coffee like some people I know do.
My husband and I take coffee very seriously, and after experimenting with numerous k-cups, Emeril's is all we drink.
Emeril's Big Easy Bold coffee makes it easier to get out of bed in the morning. I start thinking about having a cup the moment my eyes open and, before I know it, my feet have hit the floor. Later, when I'm ready to go to work, I make another cup to take with me because I prefer its taste to any  coffee I could buy on the way. Big Easy Bold has spoiled me.
This is the best price for this coffee by subscribing for regular shipping with no charges for S&H.I have been in the program for several months. Amazon has the best deal. Thanks.
This is the best sugar I ever tasted and refuse to use anything less for my coffee and tea.  Try it for your self, I personally can't describe the flavor of the sugar it self, but I will say that my coffee taste a bit bolder in flavor, and has a distinct sweet flavor.
I have appreciated this tea for over 20 years now, but I have been having a very hard time finding this product for a very long time.It is no trouble finding Celestial Seasonings brand at grocery stores and other places that sell tea bags, but it is a terrible time finding this fine quality tea. If you want it, I have found it difficult to even have the grocery store get it from their suppliers (some grocery stores don't usually buy direct from the manufacturer, but from a grocery supply wholesale companies).Morning Thunder Tea is based on the South American Mate that is drunk in a way that is not easily understood in North America. With regular Mate (I am NOT now describing this product and how it is used as Morning Thunder comes in a regular tea bag) you pour hot water over the unbagged "tea" mix in a gourd cup and then sip the "tea" through a silver straw that has a strainer at the end and you keep adding hot water to the cup for a long time. The "tea" mixture is not used up and can make quite a bit of tea over and over from the same teaspoonful of "tea."This flavor of Morning Thunder contains Mate and blend of black tea in a convenient tea bag in just the right mix. A very flavorful, in my opinion, basic tea. Notice I use the word tea without quotes, as the mate is not a real tea as per definition, but black tea is.Having had a hard time finding this certain tea, I have purchased a plain mate and mixed it with loose leaf Lipton Black Tea for a similar result but certainly not as good a mix and it is far less convenient than this product in a simple tea bag with no string attached.As far as the tea itself, it seems to have a very nice flavor and it gives you the stimulation in the morning without the jitters. It is a nice start to the day. A good alternative to strong coffee. Overall, I love this product and hope that Celestial Seasonings doesn't decide to discontinue since it doesn't seem to be a very well stocked item in most places. I highly recommend it.
These meal replacement bars are no joke. They are THE best protein bars I have ever had.Paired with black coffee, it is the perfect breakfast for those who are on the run or cutting back on calories.Its also a good pre-workout meal!So so good!
I bought this for my wife - I don't drink coffee at all. In her opinionits pretty good stuff. So much so that even though the price is a bithigh I get her a bag every few months as a treat.
Most attractive and functional packaging (individually foil-sealed pods) but while it wasn't hard to figure out the usage once I had them, it certainly was a mystery what exactly they were going to be prior to their arrival. Please note I would have expected the product description to give me some idea of whether this is produced for a single serve maker and if so, for which one(s).I am using single pods in my Senseo brewer, to make small cups (4 oz.) and am finding this most satisfactory. But in order to brew these larger-than-standard pods, I do have to use the 8 oz (two-pod) holder. No problem (as Marley would say). I do my usual routine of wetting the pod prior to brewing. Figure I deliberately make a strong cuppa; that would be my preference. It tastes great. I agree with the description of floral and berry, a very smooth, non-acidic cup of coffee.
I don't have a pod coffeemaker, so I cut open the packets and put the coffee in my coffee jar when I ran out of the the French roast that was in it. I use one scoop of coffee with my Bodum French press every morning.So how did this coffee fare? Very well. I didn't find it too weak nor two strong. Very robust, not harsh. I don't think I'd recommend buying it if you have to cut open the pods and pour out the coffee the way I did, but you can buy the One Love Whole Bean Organic coffee from their website and grind it yourself. However, if you do have a pod brewer, then I'd recommend the pod version here without any reservation, because this is very good coffee.
I found this coffee to be very tasty!  We have a traditional coffee pot so I used a few packs per pot, and that worked perfectly.  Don't miss an opportunity to try this coffee- you'll love its smooth mellow flavor-very good!
If you like a light-flavored coffee, you will probably go for this one for convenience as well as flavor.It is in coffee bags (like tea bags) so you never need to make more than one cup at a time.  The bags are round, which makes it steep better than square bags.  There is no string on the bags to leach coffee from the cup onto the surface where you are steeping it.I shared this with friends.  Upon opening the packaging for the bag, every single one commented on the wonderful smell.  All those who liked a mild coffee described the flavor as SMOOOOOOTH.
When I selected this, the description at the time did not say it was pods, or I would not have chosen it. I don't have a pod coffee maker (as much as I think they are adorable!)I just started drinking coffee beverages last year, I've always hated the taste of coffee but found I can stand it with cream and some flavored syrup (thanks McDonald's and Starbucks!). Cost being what it is, we started making these drinks at home, with coffee we bought at the store or Sam's. (Folgers and the like) So, since I'm a coffee newbie, I'm not up on all the varieties and tastes and roasts, and just thought that all coffee was the same.I brewed up a small batch of coffee in my pot, using one pod and 2 cups of water. I took a sip of the coffee before putting anything in it and I was shocked that I actually liked the taste of this. Normally coffee is so bitter and strong tasting to me, but this had a sweet floral-tinged taste to it. When I made my usual cream/syrup contribution to it, I found that the background taste was wonderful! It was so smooth and didn't have any kind of bitter aftertaste as I am accustomed to when making coffee.The package is pretty enough that you could give this as a gift to a coffee lover! I would serve this to company and be proud that it tastes better than the Folgers I normally have. This was a nice surprise, and opened up my taste buds to the possibility of better quality coffee than I am used to.
saw the starbucks coffee at an excellent price and it was free shipping, my daughter and son-in-law in Phoenix love their coffee, so what a great treat they got and were thrilled with it, thanks for the sales up-dates..
Italian roast is very expensive on average $14.00 a pound. This coffee is bold and extremely flavorful. The price is right as well.
This is the best chai tea I have tasted, and since it has 100% of the caffeine of coffee, I usually have 1-2 cups in the morning. Highly recommended
At last a pod that doesn't have the coffee tasting like dishwater. But you need a pod coffeemaker that has the two pod ability. This pod fits the upperholster in both Gavalia and Hamilton Beach Pod coffeemakers. I found every blend of Seneos brand too weak for a full mug, or even a full cup. I'll stick to Baronet from now on!
The Two Leaves & a Bud brand tea is simply awesome. I tried some other varieties at a local coffee shop but this is the first time I tried the earl grey and it didn't disappoint. The flavor is just right and is not overpowering. As others have noted, you may want to steep it longer than the suggested time.
Since people can't seem to figure out that the reviews are for the products and not the companies delivering them, I've decided to write a review exclusively FOR THIS PRODUCT.Despite it's juvenile sounding name, this isn't a child's energy drink that's for sure.  Each tube packs about 42,000% the recommended daily dose of Vitamin B12.  The high from this is extremely stable and hasn't yet given me the jitters.  I feel very awake, alert, and clear headed.  I use it before a workout and several of the ingredients make it perfect for the gym.  The let down is probably the smoothest you'll find among energy drinks.  And if you feel a cold coming on, downing one of these may help tremendously.The name comes from the interaction the mix has with water.  You pour one vile into a 16-20 oz bottle of water and the stuff fizzes like crazy!  If you don't get the lid on fast enough, you'll quickly find there will be a mess!  I've found using a wide mouthed nalgene bottle is the best way to prevent these types of accidents.In addition to the massive amounts of Vitamin B12, it has a good amount of Vitamin C (500mg), Niacin (10mg), Vitamin B6 (2.5mg), Calcium (60mg), Magnesium (100mg), and Potassium (905mg).  It has almost every water soluble vitamin meaning that a lot of the excess that your body doesn't utilize, will be flushed through your kidneys.  With that being said, drink a lot of liquid with this and don't over use the product (company recommends no more than 3 a day) or the chance of getting kidney stones exists.It has a 317mg "proprietary" blend blend of L-Arginine, L-Taurine, Caffeine from guarana, Alpha-lipoic acid, Grape seed extract, Green tea leaf extract, Ginger root, and Ginseng root.  I don't know how much each compound contributes to the 317mg but they do acknowledge that 100mg of it is caffeine (about the same as a cup of coffee).There are multiple flavors but I'm partial to Grape and Orange Soda.  The flavors are very sweet and candy-like but they surprisingly have no sugar. 10 total Calories and only 2g Total Carb.This is an excellent product and recommend it over any other energy drink.
I never liked Monster or Red Bull energy drinks plus they were costly.  I bought a box of this stuff at Costco and enjoy it before hitting the gym.  I stopped drinking coffee so this is helping me get through long afternoons at work.  I can't believe how sweet it is without sugar.  The packaging is small and I keep it in my office drawer.  I wish it wasn't packaged in plastic though.  Anyway, it's worth a try and you get lots of vitamins.
These are absolutely fantastic.  Nice espresso bean and chocolate combo.  Coffee/mocha crunch.  I could eat a bag full in one sitting.
If you like chocolate and coffee you will love this perfect blend of both brewed hot in your favorite mug.  Add Cafe' Mocha creamer to it and it's the perfect warm treat!  I love the flavor - not too strong, not too weak.  And for me it's a good afternoon pick me up without too much caffeine.
Wonderful, my favorite of the K cups.  Will order frequently.  I can honestly recommend this to those chocolate lovers who also like a touch of coffee.
This flavor of bitters is quite unique! There is a subtle warmth and profound chocolate flavor that is haunting. We like it in a tequila-based coffee liqueur. Add half a shot of good scotch and you have a drink worthy of the finest company you know...
This coffee is a good choice for your morning cup, but isn't as great as some of the other offerings: Gevalia or Starbucks. However, at this price, I'm very happy with it.
Stevia is the way to win folks.  No calories, no sugar "rush" issues, and your teeth won't ache from drinking it all day.  I have basically soft teeth... if I drink a Coke I can feel it in my teeth.I put a few drops into my iced coffee in the morning and head to work.  A large glass lasts all day and my teeth don't mind a bit !Tastes great too.  I honestly can't recommend this product strongly enough and I DO NOT CARE what it costs - it's worth it.
Hazelnut Cream kcups were very flavorful. I love the millstone brand.I think it's among the best brands of all the coffees. Hazelnut cream is one of my favorite flavors.
I had sampled and liked this flavor K-cup coffee but was unable to find it at any store or website. Was happy to discover it on Amazon during a special sale.
This is a rich and indulgent cup of coffee, yet not overwhelming with strong artificial flavor as so many other are.  I have purchased many flavors and then don't want to finish the box, not so with this one.  It is definitely not my morning coffe, but rather the type you come home and brew after you've smelled and resisted a local Starbucks!  The main flavor is velvety rich coffee, with strong hints of raspberry and chocolate perfectly blended in.  I strongly recommend a "cozy-up" with a cup of this and a good book :)
This coffee is really enjoyable to drink.  I love it in the morning or in the evening with desert.  I would definitely buy this again.  Great deal for the price.
This coffee has a wonderful aroma.  I usually don't drink coffee with cream and sugar but I like this particular flavor better with a little cream and sugar.
I had never had matcha before and wanted to try it for the adults in the family who want a good supply of energy and antioxidants, too.  I used this to make a mocha matcha latte, adding it to my morning glass of chocolate skim milk, and it tastes like a pricey coffee shop drink!  I can't wait until my daughter comes home so she can try it, I know she will be hooked.
Addicted to this brand and found this coffee fresh, bold and unbitter.The delivery was super fast and my only complaint is it came in an unmarked box meaning I felt I had to count. But the count was right on & for the savings I'm not complaining so will order again. This coffee being bold but with no aftertaste is one I never tire of it. Everyone who tries this loves it. I find if I brew a small cup makes excellent iced coffee or warm latte. My coffee maker does have size options so considering cost of lattes my homemade version using liquid stevia/almond milk is money saving plus healthy. I have used both plain/flavored stevia and my coffee flavor stays true. All in all addicted and loving every cup.I am adding to review ordered a few days ago and a super charged delivery this was in original package this time and I am a very satisfied customer. Fresh cup in hand while I write this!
I give Foldgers a big yeah for this great tasting Columbian coffee. It's as good as dunking donuts and much better than Starbucks. It's just the right blend for breakfast. Love it Foldgers. I will continue to buy this coffee until I find something tastier.
After watching the BBC's "As Time Goes By" and then buying the entire series, I was curious about Kenya coffee. Thus, I bought this coffee and enjoy it very much.
We happened to be buying lunch "to go" at a vegetarian coffee shop, and decided we wanted munchies.  They had this brand in two flavors (the other was cheddar), so we took one of each.  It would be hard to decide if these are more cracker or chip, but they were phenomenal!  And, best thing about them--they will serve the gluten-free eaters (two of which I have at home).  I could only get the small packages, so came online to see if I could find large packages.After having these, you won't have that greasy, stuffed-from-junk-food feeling.  I cannot imagine ANYbody of ANY age not liking these!  I hope they become more readily available.  I wish my health-food store sold them by the case, as we are not able to get there often due to distance.  YUMMY--and I am not a junk-food junkie.
I picked up a box of K cups at Wal Mart today and was delighted.  I set my Keurig on the second to smallest cup setting and end up with a really great cup of coffee.  This is my new fav.  I cant wait to try the breakfest blend and the sumatra.
The Colombiam fair trade  coffee  cups are of an excellent taste any time you fill like taking a cup of coffe you will enjoy,the rich taste it provides a given a 5 star reading.
Fell in love with Maui coffee in Maui. Can't beat this price for a piece of heaven from the islands.. Will buy again and again!
I've tried all of the new flavored VIA instant coffees. I am, overall, a bigger fan of the traditional unflavored Colombian VIA, but my second favorite is the Mocha flavor. It's easy for me to make it in my office at a moment's notice, and I like the flavoring of the mocha--not too chocolately and sweet enough to skip the sugar. (I never have sugar around in the office, so this is nice). As another reviewer said, the mocha VIA also has great potential for mixed drinks. I'm planning to add it to a blender with ice, plain yogurt, and a tiny bit of honey to see how it works for a quick mocha smoothie.
I have been enjoying this cappuccino mix for years.  Sam's club used to sell it then they switched to Sam's Choice Brand which doesn't even compare.  So then I had to buy it from the company.  Buying it from Amazon is like getting a can free!!!  I am enjoying the automatic shipments as well with free shipping.The cappuccino mix tastes a little to me like a light chocolate mixed with coffee and a little vanilla.  I love it and everyone I share it with enjoys it as well.
I am not a coffee drinker, so tea is my thing.  With the Keurig machine, it makes it all the more easier to get a cup of tea.
I like Indian chai tea and this teas was very flavourful, not too strong easy to work in my new Cuisinart coffee machine.
I'm more of a tea drinker than coffee. I am sick and needed some hot tea so my wife bought these English Breakfast Tea K-Cups for me while she was at the store. I had only used the Keurig for coffee so I was a bit skeptical. This tea is amazing. I am going to keep it stocked in my pantry from now on.
Great tasting coffee even though it is sugar free and caffiene free, which is what I need with my health problems.It was shipped very fast, no damage and fresh product.
Essentia 9.5 pH Drinking Water is the kind of water I've always heard about, a tasteless beverage. Even when I was a little girl and heard someone say water has no taste I would think, "Yes, it does."I use a Brita Filter system which is fine for making coffee and tea as well as for cooking. But, it does get annoying spending a chunk of my time everyday filling the pitcher so I'm drinking and using water that smells and tastes like it was scooped from a swimming pool with a spritz of this chemical and a splash of that other one. So keeping some bottles of Essentia 9.5 pH in my refrigerator has it ready to go when all I want to drink is a nice, cold glass of water that refreshes without images of the pool at the gym flashing in my mind.Essentia 9.5 pH gives me exactly what I want. A glass of water that leaves me feeling refreshed and hydrated with no aftertaste.
I like the taste of black tea and since I am pregnant I didn't want to be drinking caffeinated tea.  But from the taste of this brewed coffee, I can't tell it is not caffeinated at all.  Tastes very strong so  you don't need a lot to brew a great cup of tea.  Nice full flavor with a hint of apricot.  This is a great price for the tea...you get a lot.
I wasn't expecting much of this product given that I generally don't like Green Mountain Coffee, but to my surprise this was a very good tasting dark roast. It has a strong flavor and nice aroma but not too bitter or watered down. It also had a good pricing for the 18 pack compared to other products. I think I'm going to purchase this again.*Note: I drink my coffee black so my tasting of the flavor is exact.
This has to be the one coffee that I'll purchase most often, has a good strong flavor and rich dark appearance
purchased from this site due to past experience with Green Mountain coffee. It is great coffee a great deal will buy certainly buy again when I need more coffee.
Green Mountain's Dark Magic Extra Bold is my go-to coffee for use with my Keurig coffee machine. I go through more of this particular flavor then any other type of coffee. In fact I don't think a day goes by that I don't have at least 1 cup of this flavor, if not more. Don't let the words dark and extra bold scare you off - this coffee is rich, smooth and in many ways mellow. Its not overly acidic, it does't taste burnt, its just a good cup of "coffee flavored coffee". It works well with most flavored creamers, sweeteners, but is a pleasant cup in its pure and unadorned form as well.
I love, love, love this Chai Teeccino.  The spices are perfect and it is really smooth.  I add a little sweetener and some vanilla soy milk.  What a wonderful treat.  I'm so glad I found this product, I had to give up coffee and tea wasn't filling the bill.  I strongly recommend this product, give it a try.
I'm not one to get caught up in this organic stuff. In fact, I frequently avoid it. I just like a good 'flavored' coffee. I sampled another Teccino flavor at my father's (who got it because of the non acidic properties) and I liked it. So, when I saw the chai flavor I thought I'd give it a try. I first made it with the same ratio of coffee to water that I usually do to make regular coffee. Wow, I'll never do that again. This stuff is strong. So, I read the instructions and cut back to almost half of what I use for regular coffee. I love the flavor. And, if you're a penny pincher like me. Using half the amount per pot vs coffee can be a big savings. Teecino being caffeine-free is a nice bonus. I've stopped buying coffee. Teeccino is now my drink of choice.
I got a few bags of Weaver's Coffee as a gift.  I usually never do reviews but here I am chugging a cup of Weaver's Peru Organic and I just had to write something about this amazing product.  My husband and I are now addicted to this coffee.  It has no bitter after taste and is super smooth. Excellent value.  So glad I can buy it at Amazon.
Years ago I had this product in a coffee shop that I ran and am so delighted to find it on the open market to still be able to purchase, as I do often.I had many customers exclaim that this product was the best that they have ever had and I tend to agree, there are some others that are good, yet I find myself going to Big train time and again.Great Job- keep it up.
Big Train Spiced Chai is served at my favorite drive-through coffee stand. I was so tickled to find a retail supplier so Big Train Spiced Chai can now also be enjoyed at home.  I especially like the true honey undertones that complement but don't overwhelm the spice flavors.  Sweet without tasting syrupy.
This product if fabulous.  Anyone who is a fan of Chai Tea Lattes should give this a try.  It is better than any Chai Latte I've had from any coffee shop.  Creamy, rich, indulgent!!!
My husband is addicted to chai tea lattes, and paying $5.00 a day at the coffee shop is not an option. Big Train was a good choice. Very flavorful, much better than liquid chai tea mixes Especially good made with milk.
This Ecobrew reusable Keurig K-cup is great for brewing your own coffee. It seems to have been very well designed and is easy to use. One of the things I felt bad about when I bought my Keurig coffee maker was the fact that although it was a great convenient coffee maker... it does tend to produce lots of waste when you buy the disposable k-cups.  I think this product also ends up saving you lots of money in the long run too. K-cups can be quite expensive.  I really love this product and I really can't find anything bad to say about it. There is another product called the Solofill that essentially does the same thing but is made from another company. I own both products and if you're curious to how they stack up against one another, check out the paragraph below. You may want to do research to make sure that your Keurig coffee maker is compatible with the EcoBrew or Solofill. I know that some K-cup coffee makers are not compatible with these products. I own the MR. Coffee single K-cup coffee maker and can say that it's compatible with both of these products.  If you want to know more about the Mr. Coffee Keurig coffee maker, feel free to read my review on that as well :)EcoBrew VS SolofillFirst off, I'd like to state that I purchased both the Solofill and the Ecobrew.  Both of these products are really great reusable Keurig filters that let you brew your own coffee in a Keurig coffee maker.  These essentially let you make your own K-cups with your own coffee... and they're reusable!  I would rate the Solofill as 4.5 Stars out of 5 and the Ecobrew as a 5 out of 5 Star Product.  The Ecobrew is a bit better than the Solofill because it is easier to rinse out. The Solofill tends to collect grinds at the very bottom and it's very hard to get the few last grinds out. The Ecobrew also fits better in my Mr Coffee single cup K-cup brewer. The Ecobrew seems to have a slightly larger capacity for coffee grinds too, which may mean it's capable of brewing slightly stronger coffee. And lastly, the Ecobrew has a flat bottom that can sit on a counter top by itself. This makes it much easier to fill than the Solofill. With the Solofill, it couldn't be balanced on a table-top so I had to cut out the bottom of a small dixie cup to make my own "stand" in order to fill it properly.
I have been using Organic Yuban coffee for the past few months and then I wasn't able to get it any longer through Amazon, so tried this one. I loved it, better than the Yuban, smooth good taste.
I've been struggling with food intolerance lately, and by far the worst offender is sugar. Be that as it may, for some reason I don't have a problem with these cookies although they do contain sugar in the form of evaporated cane. They taste wonderful with just the right amount of spice and taste great dipped in coffee or milk if you can have that. I'd never know I was eating wheat-free gluten-free, or as my husband calls it, a "cookie-free cookie," had I not read the package first. I like ginger snaps to begin with, and these taste great. They are a bit larger than a quarter, are crisp rather than soft, and have 130 calories per 4-cookie serving. No trans fats; 10g sugar.
This instant coffee tastes just like brewed coffee. Do some comparison shopping (web-search "Asian Grocery") and get nine jars for the price of four on Amazon, shipping included!
This is by far the best instant coffee.  We first tried it in Helen, GA and then started purchasing it online.  Amazon has the best price I could find.
Have always enjoyed Balsen products. Found  the nuss-dessert cookies while on vacation at Sanibel Island Florida. We were really excited to find them on Amazon, we had searched through out the Chicago area since last April.They are the best. Taste like fresh hazelnuts and are great with either coffee or tea. (or later with wine).So good that I bought a case, but they are reserved for special moments(like now).
Arrived on time, intact, no problems. The one coffee where a pound is still 16 ozs.Excellent value, coffee is comparable to much higher priced brands.
As a die-hard Community Coffee fan, I'm so pleased to be able to get CC through Amazon. I don't have to rely on occasional grocery store sales to keep my pantry stocked with what is considered an essential in our home!
Community coffee - I have traveled many places...drank a lot of different coffees and I always come back to Community.
wow that is the best coffee so far I used with Tasimo, and trust me I used already everything what was possible in search for the best coffee , and finally I found , it is VERY closer copy of SB , it have beautiful velvety after taste , just heaven , it is my first cup of this coffee before I get to use so the difference is huge !!!  you get also much more coffee as the disk include more coffee as the regular one , what mean more aroma and better taste , finally Gevalia did this ... bravo
This certified organic rooibos tea is of excellent quality. It brews perfectly for a smooth and refreshing caffeine-free alternative to morning coffee.
Tim Tams are an icon in Australia.  Great cookies (they call them biscuits) now available in the US.  Do the "Tim Tam Slam" by biting off a tiny bite on each  end, dipping one end in coffee and sucking like a straw.  The coffee is absorbed by the cookie and the taste is wonderful!
I happen to love flavored coffee, and am always looking for a new one.  I found this brand a few months ago, and have been trying the different flavors.....they are all good!  This one is my favorite though.....it is the perfect blend of Raspberry and chocolate.  I brought it to a meeting, and we spent more time oohing and aahing about the coffee than getting our work done!  It is also a great dessert coffee!
Van Houtte Chocolate Rasberry Truffle is a most outstandimg cup of flavored coffee! I'm a just regular cup of coffee drinker but this is the most excellent flavored coffee out there!
I never drink flavored coffee, but this one is amazingly good.  I do love the combination of raspberry and chocolate in general, so I took the plunge.  This is delicious coffee. The raspberry flavor is so natural, not too jammy or sweet - and it mixes well with the subtle chocolate and rich coffee. Not for my morning brew, but a nice afternoon blend.
I ordered this flavor of k-cup from Amazon because it sounded so darn good...and it is!!  The flavors mix and mingle in your mouth when you drink it.  I use cream in my coffee and it doesn't dilute the delightful flavor.  Try it, you will be pleased.
I first experienced these liquor filled delights in Italy. And when I returned I gave a box of them to my wife. She has always loved the European liquor candies, but they are so hard to find here in the US. They are the kind of thing that you keep for special moments... Maybe in the evening with a nice cup strong coffee... when the kids are in bed... And you can sit back and spoil yourself a little... But they are so good that you will want to spoil yourself a lot more often!!! :-))))From the first bite as the chocolate candy opens up, releasing that wickedly delicious liquor (and it is REAL liquor) to overwhealm your taste buds and slip warmly down your throat... To the deliciously firm Marachino cherry center, and the finish of excellent creamy milk chololate... It is a wave of pleasure... You know, I think I'm going to run off and have one! :-)))))))))) You should buy some too! You won't be sorry!
A friend of mine recommended this and it's wonderful!  I have tried MANY, MANY K-cups in the years since I received my Keurig and this is my favorite.  I love strong coffee, but not bitter, and this fits the bill.  Reminds me a little of the coffees I had in Italy a few years back.  If you like this, you should also try Coffee People's "Wake-Up Call" and "Black Tiger".  LOVE!!
I'm not a fan of most stronger coffee, since it usually seems too bitter.  Not the case with Big Easy Bold.  The emphasis should be on easy.  It has a smooth easy taste.  Give it a try, you won't regret it.
I have tried many varieties of k-cups and this one is by far my favorite.  Having said that, this cup of coffee is not for the faint of heart.  This is the strongest, boldest cup of coffee I have found.  It has almost a burnt flavor that I adore!  When this coffee is brewing the aroma is just about Heaven!!  If you prefer a more mellow blend I don't think you will like Big Easy too much, but personally I don't like the flavored cups which taste diluted to me.  You know you are drinking a strong, flavorful cup of coffee when you pop this in your machine.  It will stand up to cream, and is the perfect wake up beverage.  I love Coffee People French Roast, and Timothy's Rainforest Espresso, but I have to say they now taste almost ordinary to me after having discovered Big Easy Bold.  If you are looking for the boldest, most THERE cup of coffee you have ever prepared, you will not be disappointed,  Emeril Rules!!!!!
package arrived  I guess it was delayed because of all christmas deliveries, but the coffee is great!  I would highly recommend this product!
Emiril's Bold is great, I love the smooth bold taste. I will be trying the decafe (for a late night treat).I haven't found it yet but hope to see more Emiril brand name coffee for the K-cup makers.Thanks Much, Doug 1455, mn
I purchased Emeril's Big Easy Bold K-cups for my wife who prefers strong black coffee and found this to be her favorite.  I will continue to buy it for her soon as we get to the last of four boxes I ordered.
This is the best price for this coffee by subscribing for regular shipping with no charges for S&H.I have been in the program for several months. Amazon has the best deal. Thanks.
Tim Hortons has the best coffee in the world. Maxwell and Foldgers is like drinking tar compared to this smooth tasting coffee. Thank you Canada for your 3 great exports, 1st Beer, 2nd (close 1st) Hockey, and 3rd Tim Hortons.
I love most of the Larabar products because they only have a few basic ingredients in them and they are all natural without fillers.  They don't add sugar or sugar substitutes which I love.  I picked up one of the chocolate coffee flavors thinking "how good could it possibly be when using just a couple ingredients"...well, I'm hooked!  I can have a healthy fruit and nut bar WITH chocolate coffee flavor too.  You wouldn't know you were eating a fruit/nut bar..really!
My mother was born and raised in England so I had been exposed to these cookies (biscuits to the Brintish) before they became famous as part of Prince William's groom's cake.  These are plain cookie wafers without frosting, nuts, chocolate, raisins or anything else to mess them up.  They have a nice buttery vanilla flavor without being too sweet or too dry or too vanilla flavored.  They are somewhat fragile even when in the plastic tube, so don't drop the package.  I enjoy these with tea or coffee and they are a delicious treat that is not too high in calories.  They remind me of the arrowroot biscuits that we gave babies 50 years ago but they are softer and more delicate.  I like them very much.  They also worked well in Prince William's cake!  I got the recipe from Oprah's website and made a copy of William's cake.  It is basically broken "biscuits" (these cookies) and lots of butter and sugar and 12 ounces of dark chocolate.  VERY good but I am not sure it is good for you!
I am 67 years old and have never been a fan of flavored coffees, except for Irish Coffee and Coffee Amaretto, but I don't drink those anymore.My daughter sent me a bag of The Bean Organic coffee flavored with Egg Nog, another favorite beverage I can't drink anymore.While being skeptical, I decided to try it and to my suprise, I found I really liked it a lot.The coffee has a rich full bodied taste without being bitter and it is easy to vary the strength by adjusting the amount of coffee used.The egg nog flavor tastes like egg nog and is neither overpowering nor too sweet.I made this my weekend coffee and I'm drinking the first mug from the last pot right now.I transferred the coffee to a tight container to keep it fresh and it has held up very well.I just added it to my wish list in the hope that another bag will find its way to my door.I am also wondering how the pumpkin flavored and the cinnamon flavored coffees taste.After drinking and enjoying the egg nog coffee I'm sure the others are excellent too.Kudos to The Bean Coffee Company for a most enjoyable product.TomPenny HillDelaware
My wife and I received one of those little cappuccino machines many years ago. While most couples use it once or twice and then put it away in a closet somewhere, my wife is not one to give up that easy. She experimented until she finally perfected that little cup of magic we're all in search of. She had tried all different types of coffee syrups, but always came back to torani. That was almost 15 years ago. We now have one of those thousand dollar plus machines, but my perfect little wife still gets up every morning and makes us that perfect little cappuccino with torani flavoring.
I love sweet tea, but I wanted an alternative to your normal black tea that is used to make this and that was caffeine free not just decaffeinated. I found out about Rooibos tea which is naturally caffeine free. Initially I just bought the regular rooibos tea and added peach flavoring from a local coffee shop. Then one day when I went to purchase another box of tea a sales associate recommended that I try Bigelow's Organic Rooibos with Asian Pear Tea. The first thing I noticed about this tea when I started making it was how good it smelled, and the taste...Let's just say I haven't gone back to the regular tea and peach flavoring since. Plus I save alot of money not having to add the separate flavor. I love this tea, and everyone should try it. Also on Amazon this tea was less than if I had bought it in the store. Thanks Amazon.
I was staying at a friends and found this in their kitchen, not knowing what it was. When another visiting coffee drinker like myself awoke and we tried the resulting brew we looked at each other and said, "What IS this stuff!"I've ordered it from their website (they do like to spam you if you GIVE them your email... hello), but I find amazon more convenient because I order from here a fair bit.A couple of years ago I was making coffee for a Costa Rican friend, and I was going to offer him something else when he saw that I had some dark roast Cafe Britt and stopped me, asking why I was holding out on him. I'd thought he'd be not so interested in coffee from his own country, but he said it was his favourite and the best coffee out there. Not only that but people from Costa Rica, when they buy Cafe Britt, very sadly can not get the stuff we get abroad because it's of a higher quality set aside for export. I feel a little bad about that, but I still like the coffee.
My wife and I honeymooned in Costa Rica back in 2005 and we loved the coffee we were served; it is robust and well rounded and low acid so it doesn't upset my stomach after two or three full cups. We have been buying this coffee ever since and I have trouble drinking any other brand; even Dunkin Donuts blend is anemic next to this coffee. I think the Poas blend is the best coffee in the Britt line, but we often mix some Dark Roast or Espresso with it to jack it up when necessary. The 11 for 10 bag deal on their site is a bargain. This is great coffee, day in and day out. You will likely enjoy it as much as we do.
Received this two days after placing a subscribe and save order. These are perfect. I love the bags instead of dry powder. It makes a delicious smooth coffee with no bitter or instant taste. It is also very portable and easy to carry with you.  You receive 76 bags and you can reorder at your convience. I have NEVER seen this product on any of my store shelves. Happy to have found it at Amazon. YEAH!!
This product is awesome. I'm the only person in my household that drinks coffee and this way you don't have to use a coffee pot for one cup of coffee. Also, Amazon is awesome for offering it, especially in a 4 pack. This product is very hard to find in stores in my area. Thanks so much! I am a very satisfied customer!
Let me explain first why I only drink Maxwell House Coffee singles. For years I drank perked coffee without a problem. I don't know weather it is my age now or not, but about 10 years ago I stopped being able to drink regular coffee. No matter the brand, I would get very sick and shaky if I drank 2 cups of perked coffee. I hated that because I love coffee but I was not too wild about drinking instant coffee--just was not the same. Then one day while visiting my sister in-law she handed me a coffee single to try. I was amazed that I could drink several of these coffee single and did not get sick or shaky at all. And the flavor was so much better than instant. So for years I drank nothing else. Little by little our local grocery stores stopped carrying it until I was forced to drive 60 miles to another town to get it. Naturally I would almost clean off the shelves when I found it so I would not have to drive back that 60 miles so frequently. Then those grocery stores in that town started quit carrying it, one by one. By that time I was getting desperate to find those singles. Finally I looked on Amazon and not only did they have it but I could get it in timely shipments--so my husband started ordering regular shipments for me.Then I got a bright idea of how to enhance the flavor of the singles and also to have it already made for me before I got up in the mornings. Now people here have complained that they have to use 2 bags at a time to get a stronger flavor but what I did not only enhanced the flavor but also I did not have to use 2 bags per cup to get a good cup of coffee. As everyone knows when you use a coffeemaker and it states how many cups that it holds it is talking about those smaller cups you get with a dish set--not coffee mugs which are bigger. I like at least 3 cups of coffee in the morning so I ordered a 6 cup coffeemaker which is actually makes only 3 coffee mugs of coffee. Mine also has a timer that I can set when the coffee is to be made. So every night before I go to bed I make this little coffeemaker up with 4 bags of singles and set the timer for just before I am going to get up. Then when I get up in the morning the coffee is already made. No need to do anything with the singles other than cut off the strings of the bag and then add the bags to the basket. And this coffeemaker is small enough that it does not take up much counter room. Now my coffee tastes like perked coffee and I can't tell you how much more I have enjoyed this new way of drinking my coffee singles. I also take a box at a time and take each single and cut the strings off and then put them in a small lidded container next to the coffeemaker, so now it is more convenient to make up my coffeemaker every night.Other than the above reason for drinking this coffee, as stated by others, it is so convenient if you have to travel somewhere. My husband & I have to make trips out of state to visit relatives, with stops along the way to stay at motels. Most motels now have microwaves in the rooms and one cup coffeemakers but they never give you more than enough for one cup of coffee each. So we bring along my coffee singles and use them in the microwave after we have used up the coffee that the motel provided. One cup is not enough for us to get going in the morning so my singles work out well for me and husband. Hope this review helps others.
You can not purchase Maxwell House Coffee Singles in grocery stores anymore. Amazon is the only place I can find them. There's only myself in the family and I'm termanally ill. These singles are the only coffee I can manage. I also get food coupons. When I could buy these in stores I got them on food coupons. Now that I purchase from Amazon I'm not able to use my coupons and have to pay cash. I think Amazon should change their policy and except food coupons.
Let me start off by saying that I am not a tea drinker at all! I am more of a coffee person. Anyway, I decided that I was gonna dry up my milk supply and read somewhere that sage tea decreases milk supply. I went ahead and ordered this tea for that purpose. It says on the box that the tea is very bitter so I went ahead and added 1 teaspoon of honey. It worked perfectly. I do see that it has diminish my need to pump dramatically. I went from pumping 4-5 times a day to twice a day the 1st two days since I started drinking the tea. Yesterday I only did it once and today none so far. I am not in pain, though my breasts are still tender to the touch. I would 100% recommend this to any mother trying to stop her milk supply.
I've never been a SANKA or instant coffee fan but Starbucks is the BEST instant coffee!!!  I buy both the regular and decaf.  I'll never drink that 'hotel' coffe when we travel again.  I keep packs of both in my purse at all times!!
I am very pleased with the VIA decaf. I often just want a single cup after dinner, and it's a great cup of coffee, and just the one cup that I need.
I have tried the beans and other coffee that say starbucks on them, even the stuff they sell in the billion or so starbucks retail stores, but none had the flavor I got when I ordered a fresh brewed coffee which I pay several dollars for. These little packages are now my 'go to' morning coffee, even over fresh brewed pot my wife makes. I really love the flavor and ease of use, and would suggest anyone who likes strong coffee to order these. Sipping on one as I write this review.
For thirty dollars, this fifty pack is a great price. The Via coffees taste a little different than a drip pot method, but it is much quicker, easier and leaves no mess. You just heat water in a microwave, add the coffee from the packet, stir and drink.I purchased these for my wife, but I occasionally have one as well. She is a stay at home mom and this quick, easy coffee is the best option.
This coffee is delicious, convenient and the 50-pack I purchased during an Amazon Friday Sale was far from expiring.  I just wish I had purchased more.
Everything about this product is excellent.  It's Starbucks so you know it's pretty good coffee.  The instant kind is much better than others available on the market.  The fact that it comes in such a huge quantity at such a good price is simply awesome.  Would buy it again!
I always like Starbucks VIA Ready Brew Coffee. This is the lowest price I got. I might continue purchasing this product from Amozon.com.
I ordered these for our small law firm since clients occasionally ask for decaf coffee but it happens so rarely that it is not cost effective to keep decaf coffee beans on hand. Also, it saves the time of having to brew an entirely new pot of coffee. No one can tell that the coffee is out of a packet. It dissolves quickly into a very strong brew.Highly recommended for people who occasionally need just a few cups of coffee.
Ok that might be an extreme title, but it is sort of true.  I tried giving up caffeine many times before but never stuck with it, because most decaf coffee tasted like dirty dish water.  Since I am pretty much the only one that drinks (or tries to drink) decaf, I decided instant was more convenient.  Since purchasing Via Decaf Italian Roast, I don't have a need for the regular coffee anymore.  This is deep, rich coffee that tastes like the "real thing".  I am totally over caffeine withdrawal and I never feel deprived of a good solid cup of joe in the AM.
I lived on instant coffee all through college, and came to know its taste and texture all too well.  Because of that, I was skeptical about Starbucks "instant" coffee.  That skepticism was short lived though, after a friend gave me a small batch of Via packets as a gift.  You pour it in the cup and add hot water, give it a little stir, and presto, you have real coffee, not "instant."  I was very surprised.  It tastes good, smells good, and feels good.  It doesn't have that unpleasant, overly watery and grimy texture of the world's most famous instant coffee brand.  I would rate Via at about 94% of the quality of a cup of traditional brewed coffee. I don't use it as a replacement for my brewed coffee, but if the coffee pot at work is empty and I need a quick pick-me up, Via is just the ticket.  This could work just fine as a substitute for brewed coffee, but as long as I have a coffee pot, it is a bit cheaper than Via.
The VIA packets are a great substitute for the 'real thing' (ordering freshly brewed coffee at an actual Starbucks store).  The flavor is there and it's far cheaper to go with the VIA packets for people on tight budgets, especially with the skyrocketing prices at the Starbucks stores even for plain ol' brewed coffee.
I like my coffee strong and rich, and can't stand the typical watery cup of coffee served in cheap restaurants, and I can never get consistent brews when I make it myself. Most instant coffees are disgusting. The Italian Roast is a great alternative. It really caters for people like me, who like it stronger than average. I wish the cost would go down a little so I could make it a daily beverage.I also drink the decaf version, which is just as good.
Excellent coffee - very strong-bold - one of those little packets will make 2 cups for me - so that's about 50 cents a cup - good deal.
I love this coffee.  In the past I have usually not gone for the darker roasts because they seemed overpowering to me but this coffee is great.  It is not weak nor too strong and tastes great.  Actually, I originally purchased this because I liked the name 'Lake & Lodge' which reminded me of sitting at a lakehouse out front on the porch in the morning with a good cup of coffee in my hand.  Glad I tried it.  This in addition to the French Roast coffee by Green Mountain are my absolute favorites.
My entire family enjoys all the ITO En Teas we have tried so far,which includes the Green White, Rose and Jasmine.Specifically on the green white tea we all find it "easier" than brewing a cup of tea.I've been able to substitute it for my morning coffee,and don't get the heart palpitations. For people who have not yet given up sugar and processed foods,this may seem too bitter. For those others, it has a pleasant "little bite".  3 of us find it "too activating" straight up,and therefore it can go a long way because we dilute it with water and get 3-4 cups more.I don't see any caffeine listed,but I am not able to drink later in the day and go to sleep at a normal time.  Take the warning seriously about refrigeration after open. I left a bottle out for 3 days and it began to grow something that looked like a mushroom,however I take this as a positive sign as most medicines originally come from plants.  I would like to try ALL the ITO EN TEAS!  Also, I use auto-ship which brings down the price more,and you can always change the frequency at which it's delivered.Ito En Teas' Tea Green White, Pure Roasted Green Tea, 16.9-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 12)
I have now had this coffee for 5 years and I did not need to talk my friends into buying a Senseo coffee maker they all went to buy one.The problem now is were to go and buy one if you do not have a computer.
I enjoy using the Senseo pods.  One pod contains the perfect amount of coffee, and is so easy to use.  Since the Dr. recommended decaf instead of regular coffee, I have been very pleased with the "real coffee taste" of the Senseo pod.
The coffee is delicious, just wish they would make more flavors of decaf.  Delivery was fast too!  Highly recommend.
Want great decaf coffee that makes you forget its decaf? Look no further...Even my pregnant friend's couldn't believe how good it was and want to buy a machine just to get through the next few months! I'm generally not a fan of decaf, but this stuff is good. Certainly makes it easier to cut down on the caffeine when you can substitute 1 coffee a day with this!
Nothing could be better than a cup of Senseo in the morning.  The coffeepods are convenient, no mess and the coffee is delicious. The variety in the different types of coffee is amazing. Not to even speak of the ease with which it comes to the house.  On a monthly basis I automatically receive a box of 6 packages containing 18 pods in the mail by Amazon.  The price is great for the pods and the automatic delivery is so convenient. I have been drinking this coffee for many years and it is the best.Can't begin to tell what all I have ordered from Amazon. Packaging is always professional, never any dammage and promptly on time.
I love using the natural product in my coffee!!! no strange taste like using honey can sometimes give.
Great Coffee taste with all the flavors of fresh ground coffee and a French Press with out the mess.  Solofill Cup is almost idiot proof.  If you can read and follow directions you will have no problem with this.  My K Cup works fine, but the Solofill Cup works better.  Easier to use, better flow, more of the flavors of fresh ground coffee come through.  If you use the right grind, only fill to the fill line, make sure the gasket is clean and snap the lid shut it will work right every time.  Added bonus, when I am in a hurry and snap a factory K Cup in, I don't have to change the filter holder.  Best $15.00 spent in awhile.  Get to use local custom blend fresh whole bean coffee that tastes as good as French Press.  My K Cup coffee always lacked some of the flavor, Solofill Cup does not.
This is an excellent coffee.  It is advertised as an extra bold, but it is actually very smooth.  Not near as bold as Newman's extra bold organic (which I also like).  I like the Newman's extra bold in the morning, but thei italian roast is a really good dessert coffee after a meal.
This is probably my favorite K-Cup coffee. Flavorful, not bitter, rich color.All of the cups come in one big box. There are no internal boxes to help with cupboard storage. We found another solution but that was a little inconvenient at first.
Package arrived on time.  I try not to drink coffee so often anymore and this tea is a great replacement in the morining.  This is my second time ordering and I don't plan to cease.
I am very picky when it comes to sweeteners. I have been a loyal Sweet & Low user for many years. However, the more I read about aspertame, the more it grosses me out. I have tried Splenda but don't like the taste. I have also tried Stevia, but it made me nauseous. Truvia tastes great in and on everything! I now use it in my coffee, in my unsweetened oatmeal, and even on strawberries for a sweet treat. It's great, I definitely recommend it.Also, buying on Amazon is the way to go - even when I can find it at the grocery store, it's over $5 a box.
I don't generally care too much for the healthy alternatives, especially when it comes to coffee. However, after trying Truvia at a hotel, I am now hooked. I usually get it at the grocery store, but it is good to see that it is available on Amazon, and now that I have Prime, I might just be getting it online instead.This sweetener tastes really good, and in addition to coffee, I have had it with desserts and it tastes great. I think it even tastes better than sugar, and definitely tastes better than splenda.I cannot comment as to the health aspects related to artificial sweeteners, but I'm sure that there is plenty of information available on the Internet related to that.As a casual coffee drinker, I highly recommend Truvia! However, you may be better off purchasing a larger box (300 or 400 count) instead of this pack of six ... Unless you just really like the size of the 40-count boxes. But if you have never tried it, definitely purchase a smaller box to try it out first!
my cat is a very picky eater, she will not touch human food and it was very hard to find her a cat food that she actually liked and would eat. As for treats same thing, she would not eat every kind. I bought a pack of temptations to try her and she goes crazy for them, i once left a package of them on my coffee table and went out and when i got back the cat had knocked them off the table and ripped the bag open and ate them all. (i think that these are equivalent to smoking to humans) its very addictive to cats.. 5 stars.. *****
I have never tried energy drinks before trying 5-Hour Energy. "I received a free sample of 5-Hour ENERGY?? from Smiley360." One was berry and the other was pomegranate. I shared one with my co-worker. We tried them at work. She doesn't drink a lot of caffeine so she felt hers kick in right away. I have coffee every morning so mine wasn't as noticeable...until I was done with work. I usually go straight home after work because I'm too tired to do anything, but this time I felt like I had energy and I went shopping. Loved it! I had energy that I wasn't even aware of! No jitters or sugar crash. It was great. Will definitely try it again. Thank you to Smiley 360 for my free sample of 5-Hour ENERGY.
I don't like coffee, but have tried caffeine pills before, but this stuff is much better, and works quicker. The taste can be kinda bitter (I usually get grape, but have also tried orange and lemon when that was all the store had available), so I always chug it down in one gulp, and then either drink some other kind of flavored juice or chew gum to get rid of the taste. I only use it for general alertness, never as a substitute for sleep, to try to stay up late for whatever reason. It's mostly just to ward off that "blah" feeling that sometimes hits in the afternoon, so I'll drink a bottle sometime between 12-2pm. But never after 2pm, because I want to make sure that it's completely worn off by the evening, so it doesn't effect my sleep-cycle. Sometimes I'll drink one bottle first thing in the morning when I wake up. But then I make sure at least 5 hours have passed before taking another one that same day. Taken effectively, it works perfectly. TWO THUMBS UP!
Started a new job and I'm sitting at my desk hours before the work day starts and still there way after the work day ends.  My boss calls me the Energizer Barbi.  My secret 5-Hour Energy Shots.  They are quick and easy.  No need to worry about finding a cup of coffee or soda....not to mention that those options don't last very long and once again I'm in search of more.  5-Hour Energy shots help to keep me alert to get the job done.  They has lasting power with out any jitters or nervousness.  I feel like me but just more awake and focused. It is safe and contains no herbal stimulants.
Yes, it is expensive to use every day.  But if you need an energy boost every day, you might need to sleep more.  But when you really do need that extra boost to get through the day, this stuff really works.  The taste is not so bad.  It has gotten better.  And it seems to start working rather quickly. Better than soda or coffee, especially if you are driving.  You don't have to drink that much to get that same boost, so less potty stops.  :) I received a free sample of 5-Hour ENERGY?? from Smiley360. And have bought it myself since.
I initially tried this product just to see what the buzz was about not to mention that the company spends so damn much advertising it. I assumed it was sort of like another cup of coffee to pick you up, and believed it was hyped way too much.I was wrong on this one as the product must contain a different type of caffeine because it really picks you up without any side effects.I like to fill my morning with exercise of some sort, but many days I just don't have the desire or energy to get started on the exertion. A half bottle of this will get me "in the mood" within minutes.I just would not have believed that how much brighter my day will look with a little exercise and a half bottle of this stuff. Almost too good to be true.I have read other reviews for this product and some people just don't get the same boost, so I can only suggest that you try a half bottle just to see if it does as much for you as it does for me.
Does what it says...it's an energy drink but so is coffee.  Unlike coffee you can carry it to class and take it when you need it.
I bought this for my dad and he loved it! He's a coffee drinker so thats why I got it for him. He said he loved everything in it. So this would be a good gift for a coffee drinker!
I bought this brand when I couldn't get the Senseo dark roast pods. My friends all liked the Senseo, but now really like the Baronet French Dark Roast. I might switch from the Senseo to the Baronet. I will definitely keep the Baronet on hand. You have to use the double pod tray as there is more coffee in the Baronet pods. I like my coffee strong and these pods deliver a nice cup of coffee.
This wonderful coffee from Coffee Bean Direct is a great way to start one's day.  Its aroma fills my place while grinding and heightens during the brew cycle.  The taste is smooth and rich - very tasty.  Every day is a good day when it starts out with Highlander Grogg from Coffee Bean Direct!  Try it; you won't be disappointed.
Not sure when I discovered how succulent this chocolate was- either way back in the more-than-middish nineties, or way, way back in the endish eighties. Yes, that's how good they are, that one will remember them while exchanging vows, birthing, or cleaning the patio. Anyway, you can get them at Target and Wal-Mart, which suprised me when I discovered this fact, as I figured that my grandmother had brought them over direct from Europe. Which could be correct, but presently, they have been bestowed on us heathen Americans.The facts:-Flavors: Milk chocolate, coffee and cream, hazelnut-almond, hazelnut creme, dark creme, dark mousse, and praline creme. Twenty pieces; good luck with the math.-Has a printed expiration date and a guarantee.-Besides nuts and milk, has soy and wheat ingredients.-Taste-wise, definitely European.I am a chocolate fanantic; my preferences are sometimes peasant-like, sometimes grand (I would be fine with "Hershey's" if stranded, but "See's" chocolate has been digested by me). I am not a constant chocolate sampler, as I just go with what I know and adore. If you want to go continental, grab these suckers.
Great hot white chocolate.  It's great mixing it with coffee, too!  Definitely on my reorder list!
Partial to blueberry anyways, but this coffee fills the house with a wonderful smell and makes you want to drink more! I highly recommend this flavored coffee :-)Top it off with french vanilla creamer for a special treat!
I only bought this flavored coffee based on the glowing reviews I read, but I was skeptical...very skeptical. Blueberry and coffee..that is just weird!  I'm not a coffee "expert", but I know what I do and don't like. Was I surprised!  This I like!  A milder blend of coffee with no bitter aftertaste.  For me, there was just a hint of bluberry.  Such a perfect flavor to blend with coffee!  Aroma as it is brewing is very pleasant.  The only downside?  Well, instead of just one cup, I want two!
The first thing that hits you when you brew this is the smell that closely resembles a blueberry muffin, with a ton of blueberries in it.  I am a cream user, so that sort of the dilutes the flavor a bit, it still tastes (and smells) quite good.  You can definitely make out the blueberry flavor still.  It tastes great, and has become my go-to flavor over doughnut shop and Puck's Breakfast in Bed.  This is a light roast coffee, so if you like a strong coffee flavor, you should look elsewhere.
Had this coffee while ccamping in New Mexico last year..finally got some for myself... Great medium roast flavor with a background and aftertaste of blueberries..I will be ordering more..
I recently purchased Wild Mountain Blueberry K cups for my Keurig coffeemaker,  and I just love it.  All of the coffee K cups that I have purchased have been wonderful, but I think that at this time, the blueberry is my favorite.Peggy Manning
perfect for people who like their coffee to be strong! My husband loves it and doesn't have to use multiple cups to get a good strength cup of coffee
Stevia offers a slightly different sweetness than sugar or no-calorie sweetners.  I use this product to sweeten coffee.  The English Toffee flavor isn't prominent at all once in the coffee but it sure smells wonderful as I add it.  I really like this product and am on my second order.  I would just caution that, in my opinon, there is a short adjustment period in getting used to the new taste.  Once that happens you'll love it.
This is an amazing flavor.  I use it in my coffee and also I heat milk and flavor it in order to increase my calcium levels and help me to get to sleep.  I use it in plain coffee or in hazelnut coffee.  I love it either way.  It is a strong flavor so you need very little to sweeten and flavor a drink. I would recommend this to anyone who likes flavored drinks.
We go through coffee at an alarmingly fast rate.  This French Roast is great.  We think the price and the beans are terrific.  Good coffee, good value.The beans are dark and oily.  Coffee tastes fresh, rich, dark
I searched the internet trying to find a good, whole bean coffee at a reasonable price. Even with coffee prices rising I could not bring myself to buy the cheaper brands. Being from the Northwest I was skeptical about a roasterie from the east coast.  I was pleasantly surprised and have signed up for the automatic shipment option! This is a smooth, medium roast coffee that makes me happy!
When I come down the stairs in the morning, and the kids are "making coffee" I smell the great aroma of the original Maxwell House coffee that I grew up with. When I get to the kitchen, I have a great cup of coffee, with no mess and no waste. The coffee disc's are expensive, but there is no "day old" coffee left sitting in the pot. This coffee is nothing fancy, not too strong, and taste good every time I fix a cup.
This Tassimo Maxwell coffee  from the Maxwell Cafe collectionis the choice at our house no matter who is choosing! Finallya coffee that My husband, Kids & friends love! This price can't be Beat!
I wanted to try out some of the chocolate-flavored coffees and hot chocolate K-cups and this was a great way to do that without buying a whole box only to discover they were not what I wanted.
Fast, great service, excellent product.Love the one cup serving, and lots of coffee choices. No more wasted coffee.
I have a very sensitive stomach and I'm not sure why. Coffee can sometimes cause great discomfort. When I saw this coffee, I was so excited to try it but skeptical of the claims that it wouldn't irritate my stomach. I have used this coffee a countless number of times over the past 6 or 7 years with no problems whatsoever. Obviously, you can adjust the strength of the flavor by adding more or less depending on your preference. I highly recommend this coffee to anyone, even if you don't have stomach issues. It has such a smooth taste and is a great way to get your coffee quota.
Every morning, I have hot chocolate mixed with instant coffee and some cinnamon. This is a great choice because it is only 25 calories a packet, with 30% of your daily calcium requirement. I tried the similar product by Swiss Miss, but it doesn't dissolve fully like this one does, it leaves big clumps on the side of the cup and sediment on the bottom so I was very happy to go back to this one, even though it's more expensive, because it dissolves very well and has a great taste.It's great that Amazon carries this by the case. It's cheaper than buying it at my local grocery here in California, however, when I lived in New England it was cheaper at the local store. I was thinking the only thing that would make it better would be if they sold it in cannisters so I wouldn't have to deal with all these little packets and boxes, and I just noticed today that Amazon HAS THIS in cannisters now. Woohoo!
This product is such a great purchase price and fabulous in coffee.  I purchase three of these every month, with a subscription which includes FREE shipping.  This product is half the price (under $15 for three) of the price in the grocery stores.
This is quality golden WHOLE flax seeds, which I grind freshly myself with my coffee grinder. It makes quality baked products. The small-ish size bags are a good size to keep one in the fridge while keeping the rest in the freezer till you need them (always refrigerate flax, whether whole or ground, for freshness & to avoid rancidity). With the subscribe & save, the price is right, too. Highly recommended!
I usually would go to 7 eleven or dunkin donuts for my regular coffee but without alot of sugar both of those coffees were bitter .As far as my Tassimo goes for the regular coffee I have tried the starbucks breakfast blend ,Maxwell House Morning Blend and the Gevalia Signature Blend .Of the 3 My favorite is the Gevalia Signature Blend...It is according to my tastebuds the smoothest and with 1 teaspoon of sugar as compared to 3 or more with the others . I do not find the Gevalia Signature Blend bitter at all. In fact I also do not get a bad aftertaste of coffee as I do with others.My husband also enjoys this one and he doesnt get horrible breath afterwards.I really like Gevalia Signature blend so much that I am no longer Looking for an everyday brand this is thee ONE.....
Yeah, double WOW!! Received the beans today and fixed my first cup of this most delicious of coffees. Seriously, I have NEVER made or tasted java any better. It is uniformly full-bodied, silky and has the best "coffee" taste...almost nutty.  Absolutely no bitterness.I used 1 heaping tablespoon per 6 oz serving along with spring water in my Presto 12 cup percolator. Also used a 'coarse' grind from my cheap-o Mr Coffee grinder (which does an excellent job for being a blade thingy).Just a great coffee!
This is a cookie as a child I have visit the factory and enjoyed going to the grocery to purchase them as a child. When they arrive I thought they were a bit small but who cares when I bit in to the good hard cookies still a great cookie owww cookie and coffee GREAT! So happy so many great memories and taste buds
Another homerun for Cameron's. This Whole Bean Intense French Coffee was more than I expected. By that I mean the taste was intensly good!I really enjoy being able to grind my own coffee beans. The first things I noticed with Cameron's was just how fresh they tasted.I will be back for more that's for sure.
we've been devout Folgers coffee drinkers for over 35 years and never thought we'd switch brands. after my husband had a bout of heart problems, he was told to go to decaf coffee or stop drinking it, which wasn't an option. we started buying the Folgers half caff and he cut back to 2 cups a day. when i bought the keurig coffee maker Keurig B70 Platinum Brewing System i switched to the Green Mountain Breakfast Blend Green Mountain Coffee Breakfast Blend, 24-Count K-Cup for Keurig Brewers (love it) and bought the ekobrew refillable k-cup Ekobrew Cup,Refillable K-Cup For Keurig K-Cup Brewers 2-Pack - BROWN $ GREEN for him and his Folgers half-caff.on a whim, i decided to buy a small box of the Green Mountain half-caff k cups for him to try. i was very nervous about it because he's such a die-hard Folgers kind of guy. since i don't care for decaff coffee i didn't want to have to drink it if he didn't like it. he took a couple big drinks of the coffee and i finally asked him how he liked it. he said he liked it a lot, and thought it was much better than the Folgers half-caff, it seemed to have a lot more flavor. phew!in fairness to Folgers half-caff ground coffee, the reason he may think the Green Mountain half-caff has more flavor could be because of how much of the Folgers he used to make a cup. with these refillable k-cups it doesn't seem to be an exact science, so one cup could be a bit stronger or weaker than the next. i think this is what he was saying. because the Green Mountain k-cups are accurately pre-measured, you get the same taste in every cup.the bottom line is, he loves the Green Mountain half-caff coffee, and we will definitely be buying more of it. i asked him if he wanted to try the Folgers half-caff keurig coffee and he said, "ummm, i don't know". for a hard-core coffee drinker to be ok with that kind of change says a lot about the GM half-caff coffee. as least it speaks to me of how great this coffee is.
Very good.  Doesn't task dietary and sugar-free at all.  Makes great frozen mocha coffee!
Fig Newtons are some of my favorite cookies. I like them because of the nice balance between the fruity filling and the chewy cookie. When I ordered these thins I expected them to be similar in flavor to the other Newtons that I was familiar with, but they turned out to be an entirely different type of sweets. They are very similar to the other kinds of thins. The blueberry flavor is noticeable, but it's not overwhelming. I haven't been able to discern the brown sugar aroma, other than in terms of the general sweetness. I actually like these thins a lot, and I have to restrain myself from eating too many at a time. They make a great accompaniment for tea or coffee. Overall, these are very tasty thins.
I am snacking on one of the Blueberry and Brown Sugar Newton's Fruit Thins as I am typing this review.  All I can say is Nabisco has created a winner with this snack.  These are not overly sweet, which I like, almost like a shortbread and they are full of real blueberries (dried blueberries) and also brown sugar.  Also they are crispy which I also like! A thin crispy and full of blueberries treat.These are very good with tea or with coffee whatever is your pleasure.  Also for those of you who are dieting, 3 of the cookies, which are a decent size have 140 calories or in Weight Watchers, 3 points, so not too bad on the calories or the points.I am enjoying them and will be buying more! These have no high fructose corn syrup and they are made with wheat flour so it is all good!
Excellent freshness and quick receipt of product.  A superb nutritional product that should replace much of coffee drinking.  The company INFUZION was easy to contact, very friendly, and very reliable, once it is realized the spelling is infuZion. Will always order from this vendor.
The best coffeehouse in the USA is Caribou Coffee. That's just an opinion, but an opinion I'd challenge anyone to test. When I go to the Mall of the Americas in Minnesota, the first place I stop is the Caribou Coffee shop. I don't like Starbucks coffee at all, and usually look for any alternative.Buying these Caribou coffee pods aren't up to the in house experience, but still enjoyable (not as good as grinding and brewing your own with their blend either). This coffee pod is filled (possibly overfilled) so it's not a wimpy coffee at all. If you're looking for a great strong coffee on the mild side Daybreak may be a good option for you. My best advice is to wait till it's shipped and sold by Amazon for the best price, but if that isn't an option, you may want to get your caffeine fix with an alternative seller.
This is a great medium coffee that will keep you coming back for more. I have tried many of the different k-cups and found that this Caribou blend is my fav. Enjoy
Emeril's Jazzed up Decaf lives up to its name. It makes a truly satisfying cup of coffee that even my most particular friends call delicious. I order mine with Amazon's subcription service so I will never run out!
The stigma of decafs, in general, has vanished! Emeril's Jazzed Up Decaf is, by far, the richest and finest brew around. It is not "almost" coffee. It IS coffee, with more jazz and less BAM! Having to take medication at night I have found the perfect decaf companion. I have served it to many people who say it is the best coffee they have drunk. Sure, they were impressed by the Keuring machine... but the coffee stole the show. And the guests had no idea they were drinking decaf. It just doesn't get any better...
This was one of the best k-cups decaf's ever! I look forward to having my morning coffee- it is bold but not bitter. Tons of flavor! I will be reordering this!
Well, we got a Keurig machine last year.  Almost all of the coffee samples that came with it were too watered down tasting for my wife and me.  So we started to experiment.  I'd say we have tried about 85-90% of the available decaf offerings.  This Jazzed Up version has been, by far, the best yet.  It has even allowed me to appreciate the Keurig again. My wife - not a decaf drinker - has even switched to this.  She's a bit particular and likes the store bought, caffeinated Sumatra coffee. I was going to try the extra bold Rainforest Espresso next, based on the reviews here.  I was about to order the Rainforest product but the rich, bold coffee taste of Emeril's Jazzed Up convinced me to go with it again.  Now my wife can drink coffee in the evening and not worry about it affecting her sleep.  I'll get the Rainforest Espresso next time and add a comparison here.  The Espresso will have to be very good to get us away from this one though. I do hear that the two are comparable - we'll see.  You can use the larger setting on the machine and fill a mug without sacrificing taste.  It's just a great cup of coffee, even for decaf.  I'm off to have another.___________________I did purchase, and have tried the Rainforest Espresso since the above post.  I'm sticking with Emeril's Jazzed Up decaf coffee for my k-cup selection.  While still a good cup of coffee, the Espresso lacks the smoothness I feel we get from the Jazzed up coffee.  I'm not sorry I had two boxes of the Espresso as this was a very acceptable alternative to Emeril's product, but I don't believe I'll be ordering it again.  IMHO, the Rainforest Espresso is just a small notch, or two, below the Jazzed Up coffee for the smooth and robust flavor of Emeril's Jazzed Up k cup coffee.
The coffee taste is very good and the smell is wonderful. However, it doesn't seem to be fully decaffeinated because it makes me feel the same as when I drink coffee with caffeine, Jittery.
I think I've tried about all the decaf coffees on Amason at one time or another, and I consider this to be the best.
This is great and low calorie.  It has a ton of flavor and is satisfying for a very low calorie hot drink other than coffee.  I am hooked and wish it was at stores.
i love the coffee supplier was very fast with shipping would definatley buy from again.
I love the coffee, light full taste, goes a long way, chicory has health benefits for you so it is not just coffee. Great taste, fullness and lovely flavor.Thank you
I absolutely enjoy this flavor in my morning cup of coffee! also enjoy adding it a cup of water or tea
I love these coffee pods.  They have just the right amount of flavor and are so easy to use.  I also love the ordering process and cost at Amazon.  What a great find and great service!
This coffee tastes great.  Sometimes a cup of coffee in my office is so bad I just won't drink it.  I don't drink coffee often, so I keep a stash of the Via's around for when I actually do have a cup.  I like to enjoy my coffee when I drink it.The via packets are small.  You can put them in your pocket, purse, or even a wallet depending on the size of your wallet.  All you need is hot water and you will have a good cup of coffee.  They are great for camping too.My wife and I stopped using our french press to make coffee now that we have the 30 pack of Via's in the house.
Great!And drink coffee in the store, and the price is very affordable.I would like my future will continue to buy.
If you like a cup of coffee available for you anytime, then these are perfect.  One envelope makes the perfect cup of coffee.  Easy to take anywhere. GREAT for traveling!
I am so grateful Starbucks started making ready brew. It tastes amazing and I carry them everywhere. VIA is perfect for morning classes when I oversleep and don't have time to make myself a cup. I just ask my campus coffee cart for a cup of hot water on my way to class and voila instant hot, fresh brewed coffee. I can't understand why anyone would give this product a poor review, compared to other instants it is a rockstar.
I LOVE THIS COFFEE SO MUCH I NO LONGER USE MY COFFEE POT UNLESS I HAVE COMPANY OVER. I CANNOT TELL THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THIS INSTANT AND THE FRESH BREWED.  SINCE I DON'T LIKE MY COFFEE REAL, REAL STR0NG, I GET 2 CUPS OF FABULOUS COFFEE PER PACKAGE SO IT'S EVEN MORE ECONOMICAL FOR ME. I'M LOVING IT!!!!!!
I had to save money by breaking my $30-a-week Starbucks habit. These are great value - I bought the 50 pack for about $30 - so that's 60 cents a cup! This is by far the best-tasting instant coffee I have found, after trying lots of premium instants. I will probably buy a Keurig or Tassimo once they figure out how to produce K-cups that are recyclable. Until then, I'm very happy with my Vias.
I drink my coffee black and prefer french press coffee made with freshly ground dark oily beans. But on a Saturday morning when I want to get going with my projects, this instant is just the ticket. It has a bold taste without being bitter. I have not noticed any difference in taste with packets that are "expired".
Recently, I was looking into cheaper coffee options (my husband and I are prolific coffee drinkers) and Amazon's Subscribe and Save made this purchase a no brainer. It all got even better when the coffee arrived and ended up giving some of my favorite brand name, expensive coffees a run for their money. Now, it arrives to our door once a month and make our mornings sweeter and our eyes fresher. An added bonus is that the coffee is ethically sourced and after doing some research into the company, I have to say I won't be going back to my big, brand name coffee anytime soon!
Very good, excellent delivery and really handy when you need something hot, but don't want coffee!!  Hot Chocolate is the best!My grandchildren love it too!
This was my first experience roasting coffee.  Once I dialed in the techniques of roasting I have found these beans to be very good.  The beans came out with a dark, oily texture.  I am getting ready to order a new bag soon.
This is a lot of coffee for the price. Very nice flavor. It's a darker bean but not a full on dark roast to me. Coffee oils present on the beans when you open the bag. Adds taste. Not bitter at all and a real good buy that I'm happy with and will buy again.Update:On second thought I would call a this a true dark roast. What confused me was this is a good one. Darks usually are bitter to me. I always thought many producers put in additives for the dark flavor. Not one I find too pleasant usually. I've been avoiding dark roasts for a while and now found a good one. Good quality at a price that is hard to beat. Oils on the beans really flavor it up! Good smoother dark roast. 5 lbs of Quality.So two years later I'm still buying this coffee. I have ordered for other people because I have Prime and every time the comment is "That is a giant bag." and then "I told you it was five pounds when I ordered."  Five pounds in person is a lot. This really is a bargain. All have liked it. The other flavors are good too.
previously tried the 5# french roast from this company and while it was good coffee and a good deal this italian roast was exceptional. i'm not overly obsessive or fanatically cultish about coffee(i don't like starbuck$ if that's any gauge-preferred coffee connection in MA from back in the day). i require something dark, not bitter, and strong to use in a french press or to make espresso with. this italian roast was chocolatey and very smooth with no bitterness whatsoever. it makes fabulous cappuccinos that seem nicely sweet with just the foamed milk. the beans were dark and oily-they were not stale. shipped quick, adequate and not overdone packaging.i've been poking around for a versatile daily drinker for sometime and believe this is it. very satisfying,quite delicious.
I grind these beans by burr grinder and use Capresso Machine to make an espresso. I like it very much! The taste is better than the Starbucks Espresso, and the price is friendly. I highly recommend this coffee.
This coffee will surprize you.  It's not like anything else on the shelf.  I like rich-flavored coffee and this is the one that always pleases me. Anything else is not as good ...that's my opinion.
This is the best coffee I have ever had ... and I may not be a coffee expert, but I consider myself picky!  This is extremely smooth and flavorful.  I wish the price were lower & we had to sign for our package that came directly from Jamaica (hey, it is real!), but it is so worth the splurge!
This has become our favorite espresso bean / blend. The price /value is excellent! I was both happy and somewhat disappointed to find this product here on Amazon. Happy because the price is only $2 higher than on the Coffee Bean Direct website and offers FREE SHIPPING. Disappointed because for over a year now I have been ordering their products direct, and paying $15 per 5lb bag of beans shipping. so about $90 in shipping costs that could have been avoided, (and applied to beans instead)down the tubes. Nevertheless, I will continue to enjoy this fine product, and will of course be ordering from Amazon instead of direct.
I love bai! My favorite flavors are pomegranate and dragonfruit, but all the flavors are tasty. The drinks are hearty, healthy and unique. Best served cold. And so cool that bai has found a way to utilize a previously discarded portion of the coffee bean!
I have found this decaf coffee to be the best of the K cups and I really like my Donut House coffees.  I find them to not be bitter and some of the other brands of decafs are very bitter.  This one is not.
This is my favorite coffee.  I drink a cup or two each morning.  To me, you cannot tell a differencebetween the decaf and caf flavor.  I prefer Donut House Coffee brand to others I have tried.  Nolingering aftertaste, no irritability caused.  Thank you for an enjoyable product.
When buying on line my first stop is at Amazon.com. Every transaction has been handled promptly and with excellent customer support. I was very pleased to find coffee there.
I found this chai mix at a local coffee shop and loved it!  Then I was able to buy this online at Amazon and have been delighted! The auto ship works great for me.  B
I order this for my wife.  The coffee is great and buying it from Amazon bi-monthly with automatic delivery is the best price anywhere...we pay less than 50 cents a cup.
IT IS GOOD TO BE A DECAF COFFEE. MY MOTHER LIKES IT A LOT BECAUSE SHE CANNOT HAVE A LOT OF CAFFEINE. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. IT TASTES GOOD.
I like this roast because it has a full smooth flavor without a burnt aftertaste.  I have tried alot of K-Cups and I have learned that for me I really prefer roasts like this and Timothy's World Coffee, Kona Blend, K-Cups for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count Boxes (Pack of 2) which are medium to mild roasts.  Timothy's coffee have been some of my favorites.
Been ordering this coffee since October 2009 and love it.  I have it on subscription and will continue to buy it as the price is great!
This coffee is full of flavor, and when you drink it, it's like you have a vacation:)))))))) Feels good!And in my opinion to drink decaf is much healthier and you can still enjoy the taste of coffee.
I bought a case of all three products, Inka, Pero and Cafix in order to compare them. Honestly? They are all the same, so go with whatever is the cheapest. I think I did like Cafix the best, but it may be a mental thing with the name at least sounding somewhat like Coffee. There is little difference in all three, they look identical with only tiny coloration differences. All by themselves they do not taste like coffee and if you are a black coffee drinker? Pass, because you will not be satisfied with the taste. It is very bland all by itself. BUT, if you like cream in your coffee? You won't even notice the difference between coffee and these products within a week or two you will forget you are not drinking coffee. I am PERFECTLY happy with all three products and will continue to drink them;I will choose by PRICE due to the very similar make of them all. The cans all read the same ingredient wise.
My staff is in and out of the office all day long, so I bought a Keurig Coffee maker so that everyone could have a fresh cup of coffee regardless of when they happened through.  I bought boxes of all different varieties of K-cups and this is the one that everyone liked the best.  I still buy a few different varieties, but Newman's Own always goes the fastest.  Glad to have Amazon sell it and deliver it right to the office - in the BIG box!
My husband tried this coffee about 12 years ago and loved it. After moving to an area that didn't sell it I've had some problems finding it but that's been taken care of now. Thanks for a great product and problem free purchase.
I was hesitant to try this because it has aspartame and I don't usually care for any drink that contains it. The idea of caffeine lured me to try it. I'm glad I did! I don't taste the artificial sweetener at all. The caffeine is a bonus for anyone trying to cut coffee or soda from their diet. It also contains B12. This is a very sweet drink, almost juice like. I added a packet to a 16 oz. bottle of water. Definitely will buy more this!
This is my personal favorite of all the hot chocolates I've tried. I mix it with Dark Magic coffee for an awesome mocha treat!
I find many of the K cups are a bit bitter for my taste.  I want something simple and smooth.  This coffee is wonderful!
I personally don't like strong coffee.  If you like weaker coffee, then this blend is a great choice for you.  Other reviews on here say that its too weak, which is probably true if your used to something strong.I also use flavored creamer to further enhance the taste. For the price, it can't hurt to give it a try.
We have tried all of the Hazelnut flavored coffee brands.  This is by far the best.  To bad it isn't an auto ship.
the aroma is awesome!!  love the flavor, really gets you going in the morning.  prompt delivery, this is definatly my husbands favorite single cup coffee
This is one of my favorite K-cups.  It's a rich dark coffee without the bitterness of some.  Highly recommended.
Wolfgang Puck coffees are great and the Creme Caramel is one of my favorites. I would recommend this coffee for people who like a mild flavor.
I prefer mild to medium coffee and I've tried so many different k-cups but I'll stay with this one the other reviews were right on , smooth and not any bitterness. Just a great cup of joe. With amazon prime it came super fast, if you're not a prime member I strongly recommend it.
I want this coffee in bed every morning, just like it's name "Breakfast in Bed".  I ordered this 24/2 box shipment on the automatic 2 months plan.  I used it up way before the next shipment so I changed the plan to every month.  Now is looks like it's out of stock.....ugh....I hope it comes back soon.  It is a delicious choice!
I am not a fan of any of the decaf k cups I have tried but this one is probably the best.I like strong coffee and his comes pretty close to what I would expect although it says medium roast.
I am a busy Mom and always on the go.  This coffee press provides instant gratification  (a quick jolt of true pleasure). I ordered my French Press because my neighbor kept raving about it.  When it arrived, I was amazed at how easy it is to use and more importantly how great the coffee tastes.  Coffee is what gets me through my days and I love the simplicity of this coffee press.
This thing Rocks!  I ordered this after a friend told me about all the great features & benefits and was so surprised at how great the coffee tasted, ease of use and the value added with all the additional parts. Works with PODS, K-cups and ground coffee.  The MFP has such great pressure it truly makes a great brew.  I am sold & love the portability of this item.
She is preferential [adamant] about her brand of coffee.  Was a good price as 2 for C'Mas and two for BD which follows soon after.Just checked - all seals intact. As well as containers are reusable.  Remove label - then while hot water in and cooking oil on cotton ball/soft cloth removes ALL gumminess residue from outside.  This works on all labels/
After years of nothing but Illy pods -- which are very good -- it was nice to branch out and try some other brands. The variety pack is a fun way to do that. I give it 5 stars because it is as advertised. The coffees are good - some are better than others, you'll find your favorites - and it is also nice to have a variety of decafs in the house.Illy is still a staple, though.
A nutritionist recommended these to sweeten my coffee etc. as there are no negative after effects unlike artificial sweeteners.  Stevia is made from herb in South America. Japanese tea drinkers have been using stevia for years with no ill effects she said.  It's quite a bit sweeter than sugar, so you need less of it as a replacement.I like this brand and put two packets in my iced coffee every morning with almond milk and 1 T cocoa--it tastes like a coffee milk shake for only about 70 calories as the Stevia is calorie-free! The stevia makes it taste like an iced dessert drink and is a great, refreshing treat for the day.This multi-pack offer for this price is about 30% lower than what I can get NuStevia for locally.
I know there are many people who want Taster's choice instant vanilla and hazelnut coffee to be manufactured in the canisters once again.  If you are tired of paying so much for a box of 20 sticks, Call Nescafe at 1-800-505-2876 and let them know!
Folgers Cinnamon Swirl coffee has the best flavor that I've ever found in  a coffee.  It has become my favorite.  I used to be able to buy it in the store, but I can't find it anymore.  I've been trying other cinnamon flavored coffees and they are not nearly as good.  Every time a make this coffee for friends they rave about it.  This is the best coffee that Folgers makes and it gets taken off the shelves!  Hopefully they'll bring it back.
I hesitated to get a Keurig because of the expense of the teeny tiny single serving beverages. With the reusable filters, coffee and tea much more affordable, easily provided. Love 'em!
This coffee is especially good made in a French pot.  I'm delighted with my new favorite coffee!  And, I love the speedy service I always get from amazon.com.  Thanks a million!  Carol H, Seattle, WA
Both my husband and I love this coffee.  We tried it cause of the price and the good reviews.  I would recommend it highly.
I have been purchasing David Rio SF Chai Tea for years!  I ran across it at Saxby's Coffee and ever since then I buy it from Amazon.  It makes great protein smoothies.  I add one scoop vanilla protein, one scoop chai tea, and add in a blender with ice.  It is AWESOME!  My 16 year old son is hooked too.
This is a wonderful type of coffee.  Almost indescribable, but I was searching for this after my family received this as a gift.  Some people said that this was damaged when shipped, but I had no problems.  We love this coffee!
Great Coffee!!  I will reorder when I use what I have.  A great way to start the day is this coffee.
Nice coffee.Good price and flavor...Will buy again... Tryid another hazelnut coffee,but this is our favorite brand.My local supermarket charge more...
I generally prefer to grind whole bean coffee but I decided to give this a try since it was on sale. I really like it. In fact I'm drinking a cup of it while writing this review. It has a definite yet subtle nutty flavor to it. Just the right amount of flavor. I would like to try the whole bean but I would certainly buy this again.
This is my favorite flavor of tea.  I enjoy white tea more than the darker teas, and the mix of peppermint and ginger is perfect.  If you enjoy any kind of peppermint tea or coffee (such as those served around Christmas) you will enjoy this tea.The outer package is the pictured cardboard box, but the tea bags are individually wrapped in air tight packets (the little white packet shown in the picture) which are pretty enough for display or gift baskets.  If you aren't sure about buying 100 at a time, look for a sample package on Amazon or elsewhere (though the Amazon prices are impressive compared to other ones I've seen).The only negative I've seen is that a few of the tea bags have "failed."  By "failed," I mean that when I combine them with hot water they sometimes expand quickly and purge a small amount of tea leaves through the stapled end of the bag.  It's a minor distraction (only once or twice have I had to through it out), but it's probably a 4% failure rate based on my usage so far.  No doubt part of the problem stems from poor technique on my part, but I haven't had this problem with other teas.
My husband and I are coffee and tea freaks!  We'll try just about anything once.  I really like this tea, even if it's not Christmas.  Very smooth, the mint finish is very nice.  The ginger note is subdued, and not overpowering as I thought it might be.  Well worth trying at least once.
I had to quit coffee cold turkey due to PCOS, and this tea is getting me through it.  It is recommended for females who have PCOS to drink approximately 6 cups a day for full benefits.  I was able to do just that with the Stash-Amazon subscription program.  I love it with a little non dairy creamer and sweet-n-low.  It has a wonderful aroma.  when you open the individual tea package, you can swell the wonderful peppermint aroma.  The other great thing is that Stash actually recommends that you double steep their bags (3-5 minutes).  I did at first, but I no longer do, I want a fresh bag every time. This is some great tea, and everyone who is around me when I drink it; always asks me what is that, it smells so good. I have went to other stores and tried to buy variations of peppermint / mint teas, and none of them even come close in comparrison to this tea.  it is a must buy!
I like this product enough to subscribe to it.  I admit I am picky about coffee.  I added this to two other brands that I consider favorite coffees.
Hazelnut Decaf is absolutely delicious.  It is mellow, smooth, and not a bit bitter.  It is the one I am choosing for my daily basic coffee.
- Tastes fresh and has a hint of hazelnut- I had hazelnut coffee mate to help the taste- 24 count comes in a box with an easy open cutout- Green Mountain is generally what I buy in terms of K-cups and they haven't disappointed me yet.
WOW! Just WOW! I am telling you, coming from being a complete coffee noob to drinking this stuff using a Bialetti Mokka pot, I am just in complete aw!Coffee can really be this good???So smooth, clean pure. Not bitter or blah. Absolute coffee perfection.If you are looking to take your coffee drinking experience to the next level, do yourself a favor and grab this and a Bialetti Bialetti 6800 Moka Express 6-Cup Stovetop Espresso Maker and let the mornings come in multitude!Yehaw I feel great!!!!!!
I first discovered this coffee while in Italy and was so happy to find it here.  It does have that chocolate underlay.  I typcally make a latte with it and have found it to make a perfect cup in my moka pot.
Although I have always used Kimbo Neapolitan roast for my morning stove-top espresso(or cappuccino)I found the Lavazza Crema e Gusto ground coffee bricks to be a more than acceptable substitute...especially considering the price!I purchased two 4 packs and qualified for free shipping, too. I am an Italian-American who lived in Naples, Italy for 4 years so I know my espresso and cappuccino. This is good.
Looks like I finally found my favorite. I have tried new coffee for last few years looking for something I really liked. This one blows others out of the water. Try it and you will not regret it.
I have tried many of the K-cups available for the Keurig, but my favorite is the Green Mountain Coffee, Vermont Country blend.  Its a real good everyday cup of coffee.  Its similar to the Nantucket but I think alot smoother taste. I brew it on the medium size setting and its perfect.
Green Mountain Double Black Coffee "cups" are still the greatest cup of coffee.  Discovered it when I  purchased it from Amazon after purchasing a one cup keurig pot. Can't be beat if you want to start each day with a "hop, skip and a jump!"Try it - you'll like it....and that's a guarantee!
I like a strong cup of coffee.  This Double Black Diamond delivers.Unlike some reviewers I did not find it bitterDelivery was faster than promised.  The cups come in one big box,and one was damaged. Other than that I have no complaints.
I have tried lots of the bold coffees from different makers and this is my favorite.  It is really dark and smooth.  I love french press coffee but hate the mess.  This is the first K cup that has been the equivalent of that and I love it.  I highly recommend it!
Coffee is my favorite drug and the first 2 cups in the morning better wake me up. This is one of my favorites to enjoy first thing every day.  It's strong, smooth, and doesn't upset my stomach because it's not bitter. I usually get bored with the same coffee after a while, but this one never lets me down.  Enjoy.
Every time I get a new Keurig k-cup to try, it just gets better and better most of the time.  This one is no exception.  Green Mountain Double Black Diamond is AWESOMELY bold, and makes a great 6oz. cup. (And it is strong, so you may like an 8oz. brew on this one!) You can tell by shaking the k-cups that these bolder flavors are ground more finely, almost like an espresso.  This really is the best k-cup coffee I've tried so far, just edging out "Dark Magic" because of it's arabica origin.
I have a Keurig that brews 11oz of coffee.  If your really like coffee, and are brewing the larger amounts, this will still give you a good, 'kick butt" cup!
LOVE this coffee, I was looking for a strong bold coffee and was blown away with this one.  I had tried "Jet Fuel", Emeril's Bold", "Black Tiger" and "Newman's Extra Bold",  This Double Black Diamond is absolutely the best of the bunch.  Highly recommend this to anyone who likes their coffee strong.
Excellent and no bitter! I tried 5 different and finally found the best! Other coffees taste like water and you cannot taste the coffee but this one is not strong just perfect to enjoy!
My husband has done nothing but complain since I purchased our Kurig,he did not like any of the coffee until I purchased the Green Mountain Double Black Diamond. He really likes it as it has bold flavor and no watery taste. As for myself, I prefer milder coffee, I can even reuse the Double Black Diamond for myself. But my real favorite is the Lake and Lodge.
Great tasting coffee with that little edge we like. Caribou is one of our favorites in the K-cups.Look forward to trying more flavors.
This is really tasty coffee - not too strong, not too weak, just right!  We have been trying all different kinds and this is one of the best.  Getting ready to order more right now.
I like the taste of Caribou coffees. I also had the Mahogany as well and like both flavors. The price on amazon beats the brick and mortar stores and free shipping saves me fuel, a win win for price and more so flavor.
I've loved Caribou Coffee's Caribou Blend ever since my parents got me a Keurig for my birthday a year ago with a sampler of coffees to go with it.  Caribou was my favorite next to Newman's but I find the prices at some places rather off-putting.  When I saw Amazon's deal on them, I had to act.  And I'm glad I did.  The shipping free super saver shipping was really fast and I didn't have to break my bank to get it.  Will definitely purchase again!
I drink my coffee as coffee, nothing added.  In my opinion, Caribou Blend is the very best K-cup coffee out there.  The blend is perfect and the taste is smooth, not too bitter.  Also, about the caffeine - You get your morning wake up with no jitters.  My number one K-cup.
This is wonderful coffee.  Very flavorful and rich.  My favorite so far of all the ones I have tried.
I have tried many of these sugar-free syrups and this one is easily my favorite.  Its great with coffee but its self or with a little peppermint to make a white chocolate peppermint latte.
Started using these when I joined Weight Watchers a couple years ago and I'm very happy with them.  I had been ordering them direct from the Splenda website, but this six-pack from Amazon is a much better deal.  I have two packets with my coffee every morning, and find it an effortless way to add an extra two grams of fiber to my daily diet.
My husband loves medium blends. I love dark roast, I heard that this was the "best". So I bought it for him this past Christmas. Husband thought it was fantastic, I was expecting the "best" and was disappointed, I got him the medium roast. I really liked it, but wished for a darker roast. Coffee really is subjective. Recently someone told me to try a particular Sumatra, said it was the "best" and it was nasty, I tossed it out. Very bitter, it should never be bitter.His birthday is tomorrow and I had to get him another medium pound, but I also added this dark roast. WOW. I am in love!It's the best. Now that I understand how subjective coffee is, we all like diffrent beans, blends,roasts, some in my family like added flavors (shudder), i think good coffee has enough flavor by itself and only inferior needs additives.I love darker roasts, creamy, chocolately, luscious. This is all you'd expect.Having now tried both, all I can say is you will really enjoy both types, but love the roast you normally prefer.The price can't be beat and they don't charge you high S&H rates, that's a nice feature.I hope this helps.
I cannot say enough good things about this coffee.  I was reluctant to switch because of the price, but with Subscribe and Save it comes out to just over $7/jar, which isn't terrible.  I'm now so spoiled that I can't go back to cheaper brands.  It has a rich, complex taste that is special for any coffee, not just instant.  Plus it's so easy to make iced coffee or "lattes" by simply using milk instead of water.  I now prefer the iced "lattes" I make with Mount Hagen to the $4 ones at the coffee shop, so in the end I might actually save money.Cons:  The one teaspoon per cup suggestion is a joke.  I need at least two teaspoons to get that delicious rich taste and to actually wake up.  That means there's more like 30 servings per jar, not 60.  Also, I wish it came in bigger jars.  These jars are tiny and I think we go through one a week.  I feel bad throwing away so many nice glass jars but haven't figured out a way to re-use them.Overall, I can't imagine going back to regular coffee, not just because of the convenience but also because of the taste.
THis is a FINE tea. I also recommend highly their Keemun. I've other tea sources, that I enjoy for their highly elevated, fine qualities in flavor and all that is the tea experience for the very serious tea afficiando. BUt they are very expensive. This is comparable to Yunann teas that cost three times or more the price of this one.The one thing I offer, you don't need as much of the leaves as the purveyor recommends. Only about 1.5 tsp. is enough for a full, big 8 oz. cup to produce a marvelous tea, and steep only 2.5 minutes, precisely, not 3 or more minutes... that will produce a tannic tea that is loses the sweetness that is inherent in the tea brewed a short span. Then, sip and find heaven in a cup. And Yunnan is great for that feeling we all want, uplifting, invigorating, without the nervousness that might come from coffee. Though, must add, love my coffee! Yes, I'm a caffeine fiend, but it is legal!
Having lived in Italy and addicted to a really good cup of espresso, found this coffee to the best I have found available in the US. Great robust espresso, just like I loved while in Italy, great price and great company. Will definetly be buying from again and again in the future.
Alessi's Caffe Espresso is rich, smooth, and not bitter - and this is in my office coffee club's drip coffee maker.  I rate this a 5 star because even though I know it's full flavor would come out as real espresso, it is fantastic on my cheapie set up.  I've been testing a variety of coffees including the black can Lavazza and others, but so far this is my favorite.  Excellent coffee at an excellent price from Amazon.
This is truly our favorite coffee for our Espresso machine and the price is good also. We have tried it in a regular coffee machine and I would not recommend it, you are wasting it. It is made for Espresso machines!
If you love authentic German stollen breads with lots of fruit, marzipan filling, and a hint of cherry liquore this bread is for you. Do not confuse stollens with fruit cakes they are very different. Stollens are made with bread dough and not cake dough so they have a different taste and texture. This particular baker Kuchenmeister makes a variety of bakery goods  and their stollens are top quality. The bread is very moist and flavorful and tempts you to have another piece especially with a cup of hot coffee or tea. They do have lots of calories but are worth every bite. You will be glad you ordered these breads and they will not disappoint your taste buds.
My brother turned me on to McCann's steel cut oats about three years ago.  I have a bowl every morning.  I've tried some of the short cuts but I find it best to cook it for 30 - 35 minutes rather than any pre-cook or microwave method.  I use a small rice cooker I bought at Target. It's electric with a 4 cup pan, steamer stage that sits on top of the pan and a glass lid.  I put a spoon through each handle to weight down the steamer stage, otherwise, the boiling oatmeal will push it off the pan. I've also learned to not use the glass lid to keep it from boiling over.  When I get up I start it and it turns off when it's done.  In the meantime I get ready for the day. Best with a real nutty whole grain bread and coffee.  I've tried several other brands and nothing compares.  Amazon's price is cheaper than Walmart.
Grove square Hot Cocoa is just the right amout of milk chocolate, not to much chocolate, just the right mixture. Delicious! I say a good cup of hot chocolate. Try Grove Square Hot Cocoa, Milk Chocolate K cups for Keurig Coffee Makers. Enjoy! I did.
The hot cocoa is delicious and is strong enough to make the larger size. I find all three flavors delicious with my favorite being the dark cocoa.  The best bang for the buck I have so far found for hot cocoa.  I tend to use my coffee maker for everything but coffee.
Good value for the money. These are good. The hot cocoa is excellent however, don't get the coffee cuz its instant!
My company is German-owned and I discovered this coffee on a business trip to Krefeld.  I love this coffee so much that I've gone to a grocery store near my hotel to buy Jacobs and stuffed my luggage for the trip home.  SO glad to know that I can now get it in the US and Amazon's subscription makes it totally easy.  I can now have this incredible coffee delivered right to my door every three months...and I won't have to worry about leaving extra room in my suitcase on my next trip to Germany!
jacobs Kronung Coffee is the only coffee we brew in our house, because it is the best.  If you try it, you will not regret.
great value for the price, good flavor, very fine grind, not bitter, and I like strong coffee. The price was right also.
This is our regular everyday morning coffee.  It has a balanced, slightly sweet flavor that (as expected for a light roast) is relatively mild.
I am not one to leave a review but after reading the reviews for this product I almost didn't buy it. I don't want anyone else to make that mistake. Thank goodness a few decent reviews made me take the chance.  Please don't read the reviews that hold the fact that it is sugar free against this product. If you don't want sugar free then buy something else, don't give this poor reviews! For us diabetes this product is wonderful!  It tastes great and satisfies a sweet craving.  It has a heavenly scent and the taste is like apple pie topped with sweet caramel.  My husband likes it stronger/sweeter than I do, so we use different settings on our Keurig, but we do the same thing with coffee.  This has become our late evening beverage choice and we plan on repeat purchases.
This is the best K-cup apple cider I have tasted.  It also has ZERO calories, a major plus for people on a diet or with Diabetes.  It is a wonderful alternative for those who do not like coffee, hot chocolate, or tea.
Tea Antioxidants----------------Antioxidants can help the body protect itself against free radicals--molecules that can damage cells. Antioxidants in tea called flavonoids can do that.Whether iced or hot, Teas made from real tea leaves provide more than great taste. Like fruits and vegetables, regular and decaffeinated brewed teas contain natural antioxidants called flavonoids* (10-22, 68, 69). Research suggests that antioxidants can be beneficial to health by helping the body protect itself from the harmful effects of "free radicals" (1-9, 26-30, 73-75). Free radicals, molecules which occur in the environment and are naturally produced by the body, can cause damage to cells. Chronic damage by free radicals is one factor thought to contribute to the development of many chronic diseases including heart disease or cancer. An average cup of brewed green or black tea has 150-200 mg of flavonoids (10-21).Currently, tea's potential health benefits are the focus of many scientific studies, and new research is emerging regularly. The American Dietetic Association in its Position Paper on Functional Foods included black and green tea as functional foods. Based on the available scientific research, the paper stated that the health benefits of drinking black or green tea include possible reduced risk for coronary heart disease, as well as gastric, esophageal and skin cancers (33). Tea and tea flavonoids have also been shown to help strengthen the body's immune system (34-43, 57-64), protect teeth by inhibiting plaque bacteria (44, 45, 56), potentially fight free radicals produced during strenuous exercise (76-80), and possibly increase calories burned during everyday activities (65, 66). While this emerging research is promising, more studies on the role of tea and tea antioxidants must be completed before drawing any conclusions about tea's contribution to health and wellness.*While tea is a naturally rich source of antioxidants, it is not a substitute for fruits or vegetables which provide a wide range of antioxidants and essential vitamins and minerals. Please consult your doctor regarding a diet/nutritional plan that is right for you.Heart Health Research---------------------Heart disease is a major cause of preventable disease and death in all regions of the world. In America over 40% of all deaths are caused by heart disease which affects over 64 million men and women, almost one quarter of the US population (1). In light of such a high incidence of heart disease taking simple dietary steps to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease could have a significant impact on public health. As part of a healthy lifestyle regular tea drinking may help maintain a healthy heart.Current ResearchA number of population studies conducted around the world including studies in United States and Europe have consistently found that drinking black tea is associated with a reduced risk of heart disease. Three separate analyses of research showed that drinking three cups of tea daily reduced the risk for cardiovascular disease death or heart attack by about 10-12% (3, 4, 80).One of these analyses reviewed 17 population studies and assessed the effect of tea drinking on stroke, heart attack, and all types of coronary heart disease. Results showed that the rate of heart attack decreased by 11% among those who drank three cups of tea per day (3). A second analysis included seven studies and evaluated consumption of dietary flavonoids and risk of death from heart disease. Reported in the European Journal of Clinical Nutrition, investigators found a 20% reduction in risk of death from coronary heart disease among study participants who consumed the most dietary flavonoids (tea was the primary source of flavonoids) when compared to study participants who consumed the least dietary flavonoids(4). A third review of 10 studies showed that drinking around 3 cups of tea each day reduced the incidence of heart attack by 11% and reduced the rate of death from heart disease by 11% (80). Together, these studies show drinking tea regularly may help maintain a healthy heart as a part of a healthy lifestyle.How can tea do that?Since heart disease is a complex disease with multiple risk factors there are several possible roles tea may play that might explain the reduced risk of disease observed in people consuming black tea. Clinical studies have shown that tea flavonoids may promote good heart health by improving endothelial function (44, 45, 46) and by reducing blood cholesterol levels (64, 66, 68, 79).*While tea is a naturally rich source of antioxidants, it is not a substitute for fruits or vegetables which provide a wide range of antioxidants and essential vitamins and minerals. Please consult your doctor regarding a diet/nutritional plan that is right for you.Tea and Body Protection-----------------------A healthy immune system protects the body from infection and disease. A number of test tube studies have shown that some flavonoids help immune response by acting as anti-allergic (135, 136, 137), anti-inflammatory (138, 139), anti-viral (140) and anti-bacterial agents (80, 141, 142, 143). Furthermore, flavonoids have been shown to modulate the function of blood cells that are relevant for the immune response (81) and in both human and animal studies flavonoids have been shown to fight bacteria (80, 141, 142, 143) and thus improve resistance to infection. In addition, cell studies have shown that flavonoids in black and green tea have anti-inflammatory properties (138, 139).Studies specifically on tea flavonoids in test tube and animal research found that tea flavonoids may help maintain proper immune response by helping control inflammation (138, 139, 144) and by reducing the production of proteins involved in inflammation (145). These properties suggest that tea flavonoids help improve resistance to infection. Research conducted in test tubes and small pigs suggests that tea flavonoids may also help sustain a healthy gastrointestinal tract by promoting the proper balance of bacteria in the colon (146, 147). Emerging research has also found that tea antioxidants can inhibit the growth of unhealthy bacteria and promote the growth of good bacteria in the gut. In addition, recent test tube-based studies have found that tea flavonoids can kill bacteria known to cause stomach ulcers (148, 80, 149).Theanine, a unique amino acid found in tea, activates specific cells involved in the "first line of defense" cells of the immune system, which may reduce the risk of viral and bacterial infections (127). This suggests that regular tea consumption may help support the body's immune system. Researchers from the Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard University recently published new data indicating that theanine can help the body ward off infection and disease and may strengthen the immune system (150). In a follow up human clinical trial, published in the Proceedings of National Academy of Sciences, these researchers showed that after drinking 20 ounces of black tea daily for two to four weeks, participant's immune cells produced two - four times more interferon. Interferon is a protein that helps strengthen or improve the body's immune response. Coffee had no effect on increasing the production of interferon (127). While research on effects of tea on the body's immune system and its potential to help protect the body is just emerging, experts are encouraged by these promising results.*While tea is a naturally rich source of antioxidants, it is not a substitute for fruits or vegetables which provide a wide range of antioxidants and essential vitamins and minerals. Please consult your doctor regarding a diet/nutritional plan that is right for you.Tea and Appearance------------------The possibility that green tea helps with weight loss has been a recent topic in the media. What is the potential role of tea in helping maintain healthy weight? Unsweetened, fresh-brewed tea, both black and green has no sodium, no sugar, no fat and virtually no calories, yet tea is a satisfying, aromatic beverage. This makes tea an ideal choice for a weight control plan that is part of a healthy lifestyle, especially when substituting for other sugar sweetened beverages. Another factor to potentially helping maintain a healthy weight is that regular tea contains caffeine which has been shown to increase energy expenditure (number of calories burned)(17,18). In a study, published in the Journal of Nutrition, consumption of 3-4 servings of oolong tea was shown to increase energy expenditure and the rate of fat breakdown. In addition, subjects drinking tea spent energy at a 3% faster rate and burnt about 70 more calories a day than those consuming water (57).Some emerging research on energy expenditure conducted with tea and tea extracts has suggested that increases in metabolism and rate of fat breakdown may not be solely due to caffeine in the tea. One study measuring the effect of green tea extract on energy expenditure in people showed that drinking either caffeinated water or tea extract significantly increased the number of calories burned, but in addition the rate of fat breakdown was significantly higher for participants drinking tea extract than those drinking the caffeinated water(58). In a second study researchers looked at group of flavonoids in tea and its effect on weight loss and body fat. They found significant weight loss and a significant reduction in total body fat in the people drinking tea flavonoids (equal to 3-4 cups of tea per day) when compared to participants drinking the placebo (66).While this is active area of research; the preliminary evidence suggests the tea drinking can increase energy expenditure and fat burning. However, there are no conclusive studies that tea drinking has beneficial effects on weight loss. Still, tea is a satisfying, calorie-free beverage that can be substituted for sweetened beverages and is a delicious alternative to plain water in a healthy weight management plan.*While tea is a naturally rich source of antioxidants, it is not a substitute for fruits or vegetables which provide a wide range of antioxidants and essential vitamins and minerals. Please consult your doctor regarding a diet/nutritional plan that is right for you.Lipton's Unique History-----------------------Sir Thomas Lipton was a Scottish-born entrepreneur and innovator who decided in 1880, at the age of 40, that he would make tea accessible to all at acceptable prices and with a guaranteed quality. Before Thomas Lipton, tea had been expensive. It was a beverage for the rich and variable in taste as a result of improper packaging and transportation. Thomas Lipton acquired tea estates in Ceylon (today Sri Lanka) and organized packaging and transportation at low cost to sell his teas 'direct from the tea garden to the tea pot'. In 1893, he established the Thomas J Lipton Co., a tea packing company with its headquarters and factory in Hoboken, New Jersey.LIPTON teas were an immediate success in the US. Thomas Lipton was knighted by Queen Victoria, who made him Sir Thomas Lipton in 1898 at the age of forty-eight.Thanks to Sir Thomas Lipton, LIPTON is the world's leading tea brand and present in more than 80 countries.LIPTON. The company that serves tea to the world. Reinventing Tea------------------Sir Thomas J. Lipton pioneered many practices in tea manufacturing and the company he founded has continued this tradition of quality and innovation:  * 1890: First manufacturer to buy his own tea estates to ensure quality and consistency  * 1890: First manufacturer to sell tea exclusively in packages  * 1906: Created first British blend of tea to be imported into Japan  * 1910: First to use printed tags with brewing instructions  * 1944: "Brisk" tea launched in US  * 1954: LIPTON introduces the Flo-Thru double-chamber teabag  * 1964 LIPTON Iced tea mix introduced in the US  * 1972: LIPTON Iced tea in a can introduced in the US  * 1999: LIPTON Cold Brew launched, iced tea prepared with real tea in cold waterMore than 100 years of "firsts" and innovations has enabled LIPTON to bring more tea enjoyment to more people in the world than any other tea company.Sir Thomas would be proud. But he wouldn't let us stop here. In that spirit of tireless inventiveness, research and discovery, LIPTON is helping to shed more light on the exciting health benefits of brewed black and green tea, including the protective qualities of flavonoid antioxidants.LIPTON. Constantly reinventing the way the world enjoys the goodness of tea.
I had bought another brand of hazelnut coffee but couldn't find it again.  I decided to try Gloria's and it's just as good and rich as the other brand.  I'm glad I tried Gloria's.
This is truly a wonderful experience in a cup.  I absolutely love this coffee.  Folgers hasn't failed me yet.  Chocolate Truffle not only smells delicious but TASTES delicious.  After trying a few other brands from online purchases that were a complete letdown, I have to say my tastebuds have been redeemed.  3 12oz bags for $16 and change is is good buy for flavored coffee.  I'll be back for more.  Thanks Folgers and thank you Amazon for providing customers a Folger's selection thanks really good.
If you love chocolate and you love coffee, Folger's has it made with this medium bodied, delicious,and chocolatey drink. It's not overpowering, but just the right hint of chocolate that will have you drinking more than one cup.
I used to hate coffee. Now the more I drink, I'm wanting a little bolder flavor. This French brew is on the bold side, yet very smooth and I don't notice any bitterness at all. The aroma when it's brewing in the machine reminds me of the wonderful aroma on a plane when the flight attendants first turn the coffeemakers on. This flavor seems to have a tiny bit of chocolatey flavor at the finish just like the Viennese CBTL. The more I drink this one, the more it tastes LIKE the Viennese but bolder.  CBTL Viennese Brew Coffee Capsules By The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, 10-Count Box (Pack of 3).
I got this three pack of Kenyan for an Xmas present to the wife.  She worked in Kenya for a couple of years and she loves, loves, loves this kenyan coffee
All of the my coffee cakes are to die for. They world make a great gift for anyone. We sell this cake for 2.25 for a slice.  I thinking of sending some out as gifts as I don't bake well.
I've been looking for a way to have coffee at work (at my desk) that doesn't bother my stomach...b/c I love coffee too much to give it up. And since I'm talking about at work, it needs to somewhat convenient.Problem solved! Cuisinart Perfect Temp Tea Kettle with Mount Hagen Organic Instant Coffee. No more brewing an entire pot (and I even had the small pot, but still had to deal with filters and cleaning.)And it's environmentally friendly and delicious - both important! It's the small changes we can make in our lives that will snowball.Did I mention it was delicious!? I usually use a little cream, just to cool down the coffee and soften it a bit - but I do love a good cup of black coffee. I can drink this one black and I savor every sip!!!Highly recommended!
This may be claiming a lot, but mix it right (1.2 grams / 150 grams water) and compare with McDonalds.  Doubt you can tell there is a difference, because there really isn't.  Like most things freeze dried, it is fresher than fresh because flavor was locked in during first-production, and it wasn't sitting on the shelf nasty like.  So it is consistent.It is a light columbian mix.  The powder looks light tan - that's because freeze dried powder is lyophillized - it puts so many tiny holes in the powder that it deflects light.  The real color of the product is seen when you mix it and wait for the powder to absorb water.  A nice, clean, rich light brownish black.  It has the fresh notes of a good coffee.  Nothing too complex - no choclatey or bitter notes.  Better than a great backup, possibly a workhorse.All I ask for is more bold varieties with more complexity.  Good job to the company for this one.
I have wanted a Keurig for quite some time now for home use, but wasn't really sure which model I wanted.  After plenty of research, I settled on the Office Pro.The major complaint I read about this model was that it wasn't exactly quiet.  Those reviews are correct, to an extent.  I don't think it's so loud as to be any more distracting than any other noise in the home.  It's certainly a lot quieter than my vacuum and my washer.  I can't hear it in the next room, and neighbors haven't complained about the noise in the surrounding apartments.I have read review after review of the home brewers with the quiet technology, and I noticed that the one common complaint with those was that the pump failed after a couple months.  I'd rather deal with a bit of noise than with a dead coffee maker.We are avid coffee drinkers, and we always use travel mugs in the morning.  There isn't a setting for a 16 ounce cup, but we get around that by brewing two 6 ounce cups with a singular k-cup.  It give us the perfect amount and intensity of coffee, and leaves enough room for cream and sugar.I love that everyone can have exactly whatever kind or flavor of coffee that they want.  No more having to drink chocolate peppermint coffee in the morning because I wasn't the first one up and I don't want to waste a whole pot.  I also love that it's always a fresh cup of coffee.  No more burnt, old coffee.  Just a nice fresh cup.I find that there is a nice variety of K-cups as well, and if you shop around you can usually get them at a great price.  My local Bed, Bath and Beyond carries them and you can use a 20% off coupon on them.  Impact Office Pro also carries them online, for even cheaper than Keurig's site with their coffee club discount.Speaking of prices, I got my Office Pro for a lot cheaper.  Staples has them for $129.99 and you can use a coupon.  My account rep at Impact Office Pro went a little lower than the Staples price, and then even took my $25 Staples coupon, bringing the price down even more.  So shop around and see where you can get the best deal!A word of warning, the my k cup reusable filter offered by Keurig does not work with this model.  However, the solofill refillable k-cup does work so if you want to use your own coffee, buy the solofill k cup.All in all, I highly recommend this brewer.  It's a great addition to our home.
I decided to simplify my coffee consumption habits by getting a K-cup brewing system. I did a lot of research on the various models and found an alarmingly high number of pump problems with most home models. I made the same decision others made and purchased a small office (commercial rugged) system for home use.It shipped quickly and set up easily. After priming it I made a cup of coffee and about a minute after pressing brew I had a fresh cup of coffee. Simple, clean and easy, what more could a person ask for? BTW, this unit makes a little bit of noise, buzzes some and you can hear the pump and air but it is not loud or alarming. The whole brewing process takes a minute and the noises last for 30 seconds or so.The included K-cup selection is nice and I enjoy the variety of choices for coffee, tea and hot chocolate offered in many stores.This brewer will accommodate 20oz travel mug, brewing straight into my mug.  This seems to be a solid unit and I recommend this to others.
Great coffee maker. The noise is is not as loud as I thought it would be. The pump is commercial grade, so it does make sense thatIt would make a little more noise than the home model. As far as my k-cup not being compatible with pro maker. There is a easy solution. Purchase the ekobrew reusable filter cup for Keurig single cup brewers. It goes right in like the k cup and it worksFine. The brewer does make excellent coffee. Buy it and enjoy great coffee.
Just bought a few of these along with the paper filters. I've been refilling and reusing the regular k-cups and although cost effective and environmentally responsible, a big mess.  The biggest issue I had with refilling was that it was a pain and it was a bit messy.  I could also only get a few good uses before the filter deteriorated.Now here comes these new EZ-Cups!  These are simple to use.  Throw in a filter, add your favorite roast, snap on the lid and brew. There is a spring and a tamper built into the EZ-Cup so that when you snap on the lid the coffee gets tamped/compressed a bit so that the hot water flows through uniformly. The best part is that the cleanup up is a breeze!  Open the lid to the EZ-Cup and toss the filter and used grounds.  Ready for the next cup! No mess and I think very convenient. Brew quality is excellent as you can choose your own favorites and control how much coffee to use. These just work!Great idea!
I purchased this item as a fathers day gift my dad loves it!  He said it also complements the new coffee pot I got him as well.  My mother who is not even a coffee drinker really enjoys the flavor as well.  Great for year round enjoyment not just at Christmas time.
I just received this item. I was happily surprised to find that there are actually TWELVE different kinds of "biscuits" in the box. There are 32 in all. It is a mixture of buttery cookies, and shortbreads with chocolate and white chocolate. Three have dark chocolate, one has white chocolate, one has almond slivers on top, two have no chocolate, and the others have a mixture of milk and white chocolate, or drizzles of chocolate. The ones I've eaten are delicious. They will be awesome with coffee.I thought this was a reasonable price for this item - BUT I bought directly from the seller's website, and purchased enough merchandise to get free shipping. $30 is a little steep to me (with the shipping), however, the product arrived in great condition, and it will make an excellent gift for whom I purchased it. (I DID buy two boxes so I could try the cookies - I'm not eating out of the present!) I do think that in a store, you would pay approximately $30 for this assortment.
The Celestial Seasonings Half Tea/Half Lemonade K-Cups make the perfect, refreshing summer iced beverage!  I had never really tried using my Keurig to make anything other than coffee or hot chocolate, so when I got a chance to try a sample of these K-Cups as a BzzAgent, I wasn't sure what to expect.  This product makes a delicious drink - just fill a cup about 3/4 full of ice and brew these K-Cups on the 6-ounce setting, and you get a yummy iced half-and-half beverage to cool you off.  The taste is lightly sweet (not as sweet as sweet tea) and lightly lemon-y, it's a really nice combination!
I love coffee ice cream and have missed the days of getting a coffee ice cream soda with anything other then simple syrup.  My fiancee told me about this line of syrups and WOW so delicious in sodas and other delicious uses. There is no sugar on about every flavor as well..  coffee ice cream, this syrup, a  touch of milk and club soda... takes you back to the soda fountain days
I found out about this product through Hungry Girl.  I love that I have this substitute for ice cream.  I am on weight watchers and it is great way to take care of that craving for ice cream.  I have tried the flavors I have been able to find in the stores locally.  Strawberry, Vanilla Maple, Coffee, and Chocolate Mint.  I wasn't crazy about the Chocolate Mint, probably because I don't care for mint.  The other flavors I like.  It freezes harder than ice cream so I have found if I sit it out for about 20 minutes before I want it the consistency is more creamy and most like ice cream.  Wish that we had more flavors locally.  I would love to try the Chocolate Peanut Butter.
Best Tea I've had. I always look for variety packs. These have Decaff for late at night; and the white teas in them taste great IMO. However the Bags spew out tea leaves way too often. I could put a hammer to a PG Tip and the Bag won't likely break. I eat way to many tea leaves with these but if I have another PG Tip, I might have to blow chow.Tea these days is dirt cheap. Starbucks still charges a markup of over 90% on their teas. Tea is healthier than coffee and quicker to make if one uses a modern hot water dispenser. I am not sure why PG Tip are rated so high on Amazon reviews. I would give this a 4 star because of the quality/material of the tea bags. Everyone has their own opinion on tea. I am not a big fan of black tea. However, my 5 star rating tries specifically to even out those who rate their company's own product on Amazon.
This is one of Gevalia's best-tasting decaf coffees, and this packaging is an economical way to buy it (maybe transfer to a coffee can for use). Smooth and rich flavor, which is hard to get in decaf coffee.
Tetley Naturally Decaffeinated Iced Tea Blend, Family Size, 24-Count Round Tea Bags (Pack of 6)Tetley Naturally Decaffeinated Iced Tea is the best tea on the market! I love the 24-count round tea bags as one is the perfect size for making tea in my Mr Coffee Iced Tea Maker. I like my tea on the weak side so it makes a gallon of tea for me. The rounds are easy to use and you don't need to worry about strings or tags.
This tea is one of my all time favorites. It has such a clean, refreshing taste and intoxicating scent. From the moment I open the waxed paper liner, and all throughout it's brewing cycle (I make mine in a coffee maker) it just smells so delicious.I like to put this peppermint tea over ice and add a touch of Stevia Spoonable Powder NO Calories NO Carbohydrates Extracted from the leaves of the Stevia plant with high concentrations of Steviosides and Rebaudiosides - 16 Oz #ST52 for sweetness.My husband prefers this tea served hot in the winter, I love it year round.
I always drink one cup of coffee on the way to work.  Emerils coffee is bold and full of flavor and with a little vanilla creamer added it's the perfect way to get my day started.
We get this on a regular monthly shipment and enjoy a decent discount. Coffee has gone up some , but we love this and Amazon has the best deal ! Wish Costco or Sam's would carry it like some others as their deals are the best!
Love this Keurig Coffee; of course when they started offering it in a 50 pack just could not resist!!! You get a real coffee with robust taste and smoothness! Can't get enough of it. We have many Keurigs and even the small one for on the go! This coffee is good all day long!
After FINALLY purchasing the best coffee maker I've ever had in 40 years of drinking coffee, the hunt was on to find the best tasting coffee to go with it. When it comes to coffee, I suppose that it's really a "to each his or her own" thing. But I've tried 'em all, and out of all the various varieties that are offered here at Amazon, the K-cup that provides the most pleasurable mix of everything that I was looking for in a cup of coffee is undisputedly Emeril's Big Easy Bold.Nothing beats Emeril's Big Easy Bold. There are plenty of other brands trying to suggest that they're bold. I've tried the "Midnight Magic" brand; I've tried the "Jet Fuel" brand; I've tried the "Donut Shop" brand; I've tried all of the "Extra Bolds"; but the K-cup that really tastes like the jet fuel packed cup of coffee that you get in the best donut shop is Emeril's Big Easy Bold.What's really cool is that whether you make a small cup or large cup of Emeril's Big Easy Bold, you won't lose the rich flavor. Most Keurig Coffee Makers have at least two buttons that let you choose to make a large or small cup. Some even have three buttons for a large, medium or small. I like a large cup. Some of the other brands noticeably lost some of their flavor as I went from a medium cup to a large...but not the Emeril's.There is no question here. If you like a darker roast that's full of flavor and packs a punch, you've found the right page here at Amazon. Wake up people, and add this to your cart. Bam!
Well I have a problem with this coffee. Me and my Mom find it so delicious we cant drink any other coffee that we already have . This includes Jamaican Blue Mountain and Kona coffees. Ya know that perfect cup of coffee you get at the diner well this is it. There is no other there is no better perfect cup of Joe.
As we sample many flavors of k-cups from Amazon.com, a few stand out and Timothy's World Coffee, Italian Blend stood out. It has a fantastic flavor. Rich and delicious. I recommended it to one of my co-workers and they enjoyed it as well. This will be one of my stock items from now on.
I tried several coffees before settling on this smooth blend. It has a robust flavor and smells wonderful. If your looking for a smooth coffee with a little kick,this is the one!
I've been eating these Belgian cookies since i was a child growing up in Belgium.  They're a very old cookie called Couques de Bastogne (Bastogne cookies, from the town where the Battle of the Bulge took place). They were first marketed in the U.S. under that name but since that didn't mean  much to Americans the name's been changed several times over the 20 or so years I've seen them around. My local grocery store (I live in the Rockies) was carrying them, then Nabisco took over the LU brand and quit carrying the Bastogne here.  I just bought several boxes in NYC at a deli next to Time Square and really wanted more.  So happy to have found them on Amazon.They're a bit sweet, that's true, and that is a bit unusual for a European cookie but they make the best dunking cookie: cold milk, coffee of hot chocolate. They're similar to the the Lotus cinnamon cookie also made in Belgium that Delta serves on its flights. sorry the name escapes me.  I prefer the texture of the Cinnamon Sugar Spice; it's lighter.
I was a bit hesitant when I first ordered this coffee because I am the only one who drinks coffee and if I was not happy with them, I would be drinking coffee, unhappily, for quite sometime.  Fortunately, I was pleasantly surprised to find out that it was exactly what I was looking for and am enjoying them each day when I wake up and, at times, during the day.  I have served them to friends when they come to visit, and they have complimented me on how good the cup of coffee is.  I tell them that it was all done with the Keurig brewer and unfortunately, I had nothing to do with that cup of coffee.  They smile and enjoy their coffee.I will be ordering this assortment again when the current one gets towards the end.
This was for my husband. he likes the coffee and loves the fact he can have a cup in the morning before work
This is my favorite coffee. Perfect level of strength. Excellent flavor. It's bold and robust without being too intense. It tastes like morning.
We love Caribou coffee,plain and simple.  It is my hubby's top 5 coffee's. He loves the Raspberry Chocolate Truffle also.  But Caribou ROCKS!!!
I'm a big fan of Illy coffee. It is a very smooth coffee. I was tired of having to work (clean stuff)to make my coffee so I purchased a Keurig.I purchased a sample pack. The only coffee I was impressed by was the Caribou. It's a slight bit weak for my taste but it is oh so smooth and flavorful. I actually purchased this pack because it was so good. It's as close as I can come to Illy on my Keurig, so far.I also purchased the Caribou Mahogany but it has not delivered yet. I'm hoping it's stronger, yet smooth like the Caribou blend. I like strong but smooth. I'm not interested in bitter.If you want a delightful smooth full bodied coffee, this is it. I drink coffee more for the taste than anything else and I'm extremely picky so I was pleasantly surprised when I was pleased by the Caribou Blend.
Bold, full flavor.  I like strong coffee.  This is not one of the strongest coffees but it does have great flavor, like a coffee shop coffee.  I like to keep this flavor in my mix.  Not bitter, nice smooth taste.
This coffee is just a great tasting coffee.  It's on the bold side, yet a little more cream for those who prefer a milder coffee does the trick.  It came well packaged and two days early!
I just love this supplement. It gives me tons and tons of energy, my stool is nice and soft (not too soft). I take it every day and I think it does the job perfectly. I used to not have enough energy in the morning, even after drinking coffee. But since I've been taking Natural Calm in the morning and in the afternoon I am full of energy. Even after I have lunch, I don't crush like before. I keep on going and working without problems of being tired. I just love it!!!
I like flavored coffee.  This one is good.  The hazelnut is also Yummy.  Most of the green montain kcups I have tried were delicious, the exception being the caramel vanilla cream, which doesn't taste like vanilla, or caramel, or creak I guess.  This kind does taste like vanilla.
Couldn't find the Tassimo coffee maker packs in the store, so I turned to Amazon. Found the coffee in one of my favorite flavors: Vanilla. Good price for a good product. Thanks
I like having Zico with dinner, it really quenches my thirst.  I also like taking it to watch my son playing sports, everyone else is drinking coffee which I never drink.
While shopping at Amazon, I have used several different brands of coffee, Whole beans and ground. I always come back to Starbucks. It is the best, tastiest, and freshest coffee I have used. Now I won't buy anything else.
This is excellent coffee. Not too sweet like you get at the name brand coffee shops. The price on amazon is the best I could find anywhere. If you set up the automatic re-order it works great.
I've purchased both the Espressione Espresso (classic) and the 100% Arabica.  My vote is definitely with the 100% Arabica.  The flavor has more bite and flavor (much more like European coffee than American).
Jet Fuel by Coffee People is one of my favorites. Bold. Great deal from Amazon and I love the scheduled delivery. I now have stopped obsessing about ordering my coffee. BTW-Keurig is also the greatest.
I have had my Keurig about 2 weeks now and was kind of feeling these must just make weak coffee until i tried this stuff.I have 40 cups or so of Tullys French Roast Bold to get rid of now. Wouldnt waste bottled water on those again after trying the Jet Fuel.
This coffee is a medium roast with a flavor close to Starbuck's  Pike Roast, but about 40% cheaper.  We are on our 3rd box of 50.  It arrives in about 2 days.
Just like the coffee that you can get for alot more money at other places.I will Be buying again
We get Coffee People Oranic X-bold through subscribe and save.  Imagine my frustration when our last order contained a box of Jet Fuel.  I'm pretty picky about my coffee.  I don't like weak coffee, nor does my husband.  I decided to try a cup of the Jet Fuel, hoping it was at least tolerable so I didn't have to go through the trouble of returning it.We loved it.  We were bummed when we ran out, and we're now going to switch our subscribe and save to Jet Fuel.
When I first ordered Jet Fuel a few people told me it was way too harsh a coffee, and to only get it if I wanted to be wired for the rest of the morning.  To tell you the truth, I didn't find that thought unappealing, so I ordered it.My verdict?  It's a delicious coffee, and though stronger than a lot of coffees, I found it very drinkable and am entirely happy with it.  It's strong, but not at all offensive.  I think it has a pleasant taste, no strong aftertaste, and though I will admit it probably has a bit more kick than, say, my wife's Donut Shop coffee, I'm not buzzed on it.Incidentally, I think the only way to get K-cup coffee is to order it on subscription in order to get the 15 % markdown.  Be aware that even subscription prices are available to rise (and fall, I suppose) with the market.  I had thought the price was locked in, but I was wrong.I love K-cups, and I also love Amazon, but unless the prices drop soon, I'm going to have to buy them at Bed, Bath and Beyond...they're not too expensive over there, and they're always having 20 % off or $5 off coupons, as well as sales, and that is about the only way to get K-cups cheap.  I'd rather use Amazon, but paying 60 cents and more for each cup is ri-freaking-diculous.
This coffee exceeded all my expectations and I am not easily impressed when it comes to coffee.  I quit drinking pod/cup coffee until I found Jet Fuel.  I only drink Jet Fuel now and have went through several boxes of 50.  I highly recommend this product to anyone serious about their coffee and to new coffee drinkers looking for a perfect cup.  The free shipping is great as well.
Jet Fuel coffee is the perfect coffee for the morning and later in the day when I want a pick-up.
This is fantastic coffee...I just am not pleased with the pricing.  I enjoyed purchasing my k-cups from Amazon becuase of the pricing.  But, since the huge price increase, I have since purchased from Keruig.com.  They have a better variety--at the same price with a volume discount.  You may want to reconsider this!!
My family enjoys this coffee.  It gets the job done.  I have a very physical job that keeps me tired. By the next morning this gets me up.
so far, by far, the best K-Kup. I like strong coffee. I worked for an airline for a long time and really got used to european coffee. (needless to say something like Jet Fuel, I had to have anyway:)I liked the convienience of the K brewer, but there seemed to be no way to adjust the strength. This is perfect
I have tried a LOT of different coffees for my Keurig machine, and to me, this is the absolute best "get up and go" coffee for breakfast time.  The aroma alone is enough to wake and entice, and from the first sip, my taste buds are happy.  This has become my "cvoffee of choice" to start my day.  I am now on my fifth box, and will be ordering more when this starts to run low.  And thanks to Amazon Prime, I never have to worry about shipping delays making me run out and having to start my day with something more "ordinary".
A smooth light roast for your morning coffee break. This is my favorite blend, not too strong with excellent flavor. Highly recommended for Keurig Coffee machines.
I received some Green Moutain Coffee K-Cups as a sample test through Buzzagent and I was quite pleased with this.  It's not too strong of a coffee, but not too weak of a coffee either, it has a great blend of flavor.  It has a smooth taste and is not to bitter like some coffees tend to be.  Good price on this brand as well.  Overall I would have to say this a keeper for my morning ritual.
I ALWAYS BUY MY COFFEE FROM AMAZON AS THE PRICES ARE CHEAPER AND I LOVE ALL THE COFFEE. BEST PRICE ON LINE.
Green Mountain Breakfast blend coffee is a mild roast that goes down easy in the morning.  My wife actually runs a cup through the Keurig twice.  Buying it this way breaks down to 50 cents per K-cup versus a dollar at any store.
Good Product.  For heavy coffee drinker it is a little expensive but well worth the price if you only dring 1 or 2 cups a day, Service from vendor was splendid.
This is the best k-cup coffee I've had.  Its bold smooth flavor is great for bkfst, but just as good to enjoy w/desserts or an afternoon pick-me-up.  I love it!
Love the coffee.Don't like the fact that I can buy this cheaper from Amazon than I can right here in Vermont!
My wife and I made the switch to fair trade coffee recently and set about looking for a good coffee pod for our Senseo at a fair price.  My doctor recently advised me to cut down on the caffeine, so our search included decaf coffee pods.  We weren't optimistic.  However, we tried Baronet Coffee Fair Trade Organic (!) Decaf Small Village Blend and found it to be a really flavorful cup of coffee. It was a pleasant surprise to find a decaf pod that rivaled "real" coffee in taste. If I have a second cup of coffee in the morning, it is brewed with this pod.
I really enjoy flavored coffees, and blueberry in particular.  New England Blueberry Cobbler Coffee is one of my favorites.  It is smooth and the blueberry flavor is there but not over-powering.  It smells terrific while brewing and when you drink it.  If you like flavored coffees I would definitely recommend that you try it.However, shop around for prices.  Our local supermarket has this coffee for 1/4 of the price for this exact amount if you take in account the cost of the item and shipping.
been drinking Lavazza for over 20 years and travelled to many other cities in the world and had their coffee....nothing compares.  It's not widely available in American supermarkets though...so I was very happy when Amazon started carrying it, for a good price too.Smooth tasting coffee, not bitter or overly roasted like some other big branded coffee here in the US. Get some today...
I always buy strong coffee for the Keureig, this is good stuff, strong enough to make a tall cup of coffee with and came at a good price.
Best chamomile on the mainstream supermarket shelves. Other chamomile teas have had a bitter aftertaste, but this one by Stash is really smooth and fresh. It's neither strong nor bland, just floral and pleasant. Reminds me slightly of chrysanthemum. It doesn't make me sleepy or keep me up, for what it's worth. I had some primo stuff at a local coffeeshop that tasted much like the Stash brand, but had an awesome citrusy floral aroma; been wanting to find something like that for a while, and so far this Stash Chamomile comes closest.
Really nice cookies.  They go with either coffee or tea, or just as a snack.
I love Taster's Choice Instant Coffee. I have used it for the last several years and love it along with the decaf one.
I have been experimenting with various coffees for over a year now and this coffee is amongst the best I've tried. It's not oily like some I've tested and has a full bodied flavor without an unpleasent after taste. I like this coffee enough that I will be ordering it again. That's not to say I won't keep testing other coffees but it nice to know that I've found one that I can order knowing I will enjoy every cup.
I purchased this item about a month ago. I wanted to wait until I had an opportunity to really use the product in many ways and to gauge the results.  I started out taking tablespoon as soon as I purchased it...and soon discovered that other reviewers are correct - some people have to work their way up to taking a tablespoon. Now I take a table spoon in the morning mixed with a protein shake. Sometimes, I mix it in hot coffee or tea. I have also started taking an additional tablespoon in the afternoon either spread on crackers or a small piece of bread.  As a food, it gives me an extra boost of energy and seems to make me more alert.  I have begun to lose weight but I am not certain if this is because of the coconut oil or because I have implemented a walking routine. Either way, it gave me the energy to want to get up and get moving! I also use it as a moisturizer on my skin. It does go on rather oily, but it absorbs quickly. I just have to make certain that I give myself enough time for the oil to absorb before putting on certain fabrics. I was in awe regarding how soft my skin felt. Rough patches are now smooth.  I have stopped using a popular African American hair moisturizer on my son's hair and began using this.  All I can say is his hair loves coconut oil. It improved his texture.  I have also used it on an area of his head that seemed prone to razor bumps.  It is healing well. Finally, I read that this is safe for dogs.  I gave some to my dog and now he demands it each morning. He loves it too.
I have to say I was afraid to try it because of the experience I had with the Grove Square coffee.  But WOW what a difference in product.  This is much better than the Green Mountain Cider and it is sugar free.  The price is right also!
I really like all the Kind bar flavors but the Cranberry Almond are my favorite. They have the right combination of chew and crunch and like all the Kind bars, they are completely natural and very flavorful. I won't eat any other bar with my coffee! Great snack and healthy too.
The Fantasicake triple chocolate bundt cake is divine, beyond heavenly! I was not sure what the texture would be like because these scrumptious cakes are shipped to your home. When my cake arrived we put it in the freezer for a few days because we had birthday cake that night for my son's birthday. I wish now we had served this cake instead! I took it out of the freezer and thawed it. Fantasicakes triple chocolate bundt cake is rich but not over done and moist. Included is a pack of chocolate icing to drizzle on it and the portion was just perfect. I recommend this cake for any special occasion or just  because you want a great cake. I am planning on ordering one of the coffee cakes and possibly a torte too from Fantasicakes!
the coffee is good. but I've been trying to cancel the auto shipments but its impossible to find any way for customer service to help. therefore they continue sending it and I have to keep sending it back.
After speaking with Paul from Amoretti Company, we need to understand how to use this product. This product isn't like any other syrup that is high in high fructose corn syrup. It's very concentrated with flavor with much less sweetness. If you like to have your drink more sweetness, add sugar to your drink, not syrup because the drink will be too much concentrated with the flavor.  Based on pumpkin spice syrup calorie, 1 serving amoretti is 30 calories compared any other brand syrup 1 serving is 100 calories.This product definitely is a healthier choice of syrup for your coffee or desert. I will definitely will try more of their products and recommend this to my friends
We Received the Nifty 54 Coffee Pod Drawer and I could not wait to use. I love the black mesh design and it is very sturdy. I had a chrome carousel which was nice but only held 24 K-CUPS.  This drawer holds 96 and I can now separate my teas and flavored coffees from non-flavored coffees. It also has a small enough foot print to sit next to my Keurig.  I would recommend this drawer to anyone.
This is the perfect storage unit for my K-cups!  It fits perfectly next to my coffee maker.  I love the fact it stores up to 54 cups too.  I would recommend this for anyone looking for a storage unit.
We really enjoy this coffee and have gotten hooked on it.  It is strong and has a clean taste, no bitter after taste like some coffees and it's a great way to start the morning.
I love all kinds of coffee and am so pleased with the assortment this purchase has offered me!  I received 35 cups total, NO DUPLICATES!  15 different cups of what I consider "regular" coffee; 5 brands of decafs; 9 different samples of flavored coffee; 2 varieties of black tea; 1 milk and 1 dark hot chocolate; 2 types of apple cider.  I am very pleased with the variety and look forward to a different treat each morning!
Not a lot to say except it was a great coffee and I am pleased with the price and product.
I was very pleased with this product. Had a great assortment of coffees teas and hot chocolates. Would order again without hesitation.
the k-cups arrived on time, the coffee selection was varied as described.As a non coffee drinker this works well for our coffee drinking guests.
I recieved a sample box of this with a BUNN "My Cafe'" and I love this coffee. It's perfect and rich, smells like fresh roasted in the kitchen when I make it.
I can not drink caffeinated coffee late in the afternoon.  Tully's decaf coffee allows me to enjoy my coffee before bedtime!  It doesn't affect my sleep.  Ordering some more now!
I brewed this in my coffee maker and mixed it w/ condensed milk.The result was a taste similar to Thai Tea. I absolutely loved it. It was more like tea as opposed to coffee though. There's a hint of the expresso scent, but overall, it tasted and felt more like Thai Tea.The brew was a nice reddish brown concoction.Actually, I'd highly recommend this product, and plan on buying this product myself for personal and party usage. The only thing I would have preferred would for it to have been a caffeeine beverage as opposed to caffeine free.
Seriously, I love my Keurig. I love the convenience and the coffees. But what I don't love is buying $50 dollars worth of coffee every month. I tried the filter that Keurig gave me with my Platinum B70 model and it made my awesome Guatemalan Coffee I used to brew the "old fashion way" into a watered down mess no matter how fine I ground the bean or how much I reduced the cup size.I was skeptical about buying another kcup filter when I saw this offered on Amazon, but the video add on the ekobrew website had me sold. I bought the ekobrew Cup before it was available for sale with high hopes, and it has totally lived up to my expectations! My freshly ground coffee tastes better than any Kcup I have ever had! I forgot how good some of the beans I bought were. No Joke. If you are like me and have a few roasts of beans you just love and don't feel like breaking the bank trying every kcup under the sun to find blends that please you then get it. You won't be sorry.The only negative part is you have to rinse it out but that is no big deal. Just pop the top and tap it on the sink and the grinds come out then rinse. No scrubbing or anything. I may buy another to have one handy to fill while the other is brewing since I make about 3 Kcups worth of coffee in the morning to fill for two travel mugs for the wife and I. THANK YOU ekobrew!
We recently purchased a Keurig Coffeemaker and are very happy with it and its results in brewing a good cup of coffe - quickly.  My wife drinks half-caf coffee (used to be Folgers), but we couldn't find Folgers Half-Caf in K-Cups.  Green Mountain came to the rescue and has the half-caf K-Cups in a 108 serving pkg.  We ordered one from Amazon and received it within a week, in good condition, and fresh.  ...A satisfying experience all around.
I drink decaf only and only used whole beans.  I was pleasantly surprised at how great this coffee taste.  I have a four cup Mr Coffee maker and it made a wonderful pot of coffee.  Over the years I have tried many many different decaf whole bean coffee.  This is one of the best!!
This is a great price for this.I love baking with maple sugar, and sometimes I'll have it in my coffee as well. My favorite use of this wonderful tasting sugar is in shortbread made with whole wheat flour. The flavor stands up well to the stronger flavor of whole wheat and makes just the best shortbread I've ever had. I've also used it in breads. It's more expensive than brown sugar, but the maple taste of pure maple sugar can't be simulated.It's also good in oatmeal, granola recipes, and most anywhere you would use regular sugar or brown sugar.
Love the coffee, love that I won''t run out of it for a long time, love that it was delivered in less than a week after I ordered it!. Amazon rocks!
I only purchase coffee beans and have found this product to be among the excellent brands for medium roast and french roast coffee. I highly recommend this coffee.
great coffee... simplified packaging/shipping.  I just transfer the K-cups to a smaller container on our kitchen counter.but the best part....THE BOX HAS GIRAFFES ON IT!  I mean, come on... GIRAFFES and COFFEE!  can it get any better?
I was searching for the perfect K-Cup to make lattes at home. I wanted one that tasted the most like coffee shop espresso. Jet Fuel is the hands-down winner! It's rich, bold and slightly bitter, which is perfect for lattes. I brew it on the smallest setting so that it is more concentrated. I heat milk with flavored creamer and pour it into the Jet Fuel. Then I whip it with my little hand-held frother. It tastes as good as, if not better than, a coffee shop latte at less than half the price! So wonderful! I would not drink Jet Fuel straight, but it is the perfect choice for lattes.
This is the best bold coffee on the market. Rich, strong, with no after bite. You will not be disappointed. Great value. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a strong, tasteful coffee.
I've tried them all...this is a very good coffee...Jet Fuel is quite appropriate a name...it is bold and packed with what I want in a cup of Joe...you will like it.
Like really bold coffee. While not as bold as some traditionally brewed coffee, this one is one of the best I've found for the Keurig. Also, unlike some of the other really bold ones that I have tried, it doesn't have that really bitter, acidic after taste. Highly recommend and have ordered this exclusively the past three times I have ordered coffee.
Since buying my Keurig B145 a few months ago, I have been looking for a coffee that tastes great EVEN when you use the 10oz setting for a travel mug.  This one is it.  If you like good coffee flavor that does not taste watered down, then Jet Fuel is the one for you!
My favorite coffee it is bold but not over powering. i like this coffee and it is a joy to drink,one of the best k cup bolds out there. amazon good price and coffee people good product
I LOVE this product! It is a strong, dark roast, full of flavor, with a wonderful aroma. Not for the feint of heart! My only 2 problems with this coffee are, 1: No one carries it locally, so I can only get it through Amazon (Not really a problem), and, 2: I zoom through a box of it way too fast, because it's soooooo good!
It's hard to find coffee that is strong enough for the Keurig Coffee Maker.  This is it...it wakes us up and it's tasty...
If you love strong coffee with good rich, full flavor, then Jet Fuel is one you should try!  I have also found that I like it a little weaker sometimes.  I brew it on the large mug setting, lift & lower the lever, and brew another large mug.  The second brew comes out brown in the mug like the first.  This method gives me a 20-ounce travel mug of delicious coffee, tamed down just a bit.  :-)  And if you order with "Subscribe and Save," you'll get this coffee at $0.36 per K-Cup!  What's not to love about that?!
I enjoy a strong bold k cup so that I can stretch the coffee to a mug. I have tried around a dozen k cups that have been given at least 4 stars and have found Jet Fuel to be my favorite. It is strong and has good flavor, but is not bitter like some of the others. I also enjoy Emiril's k cup.
I CAN'T GET ENOUGH OF THIS COFFEE. IF YOU ARE A REAL COFFEE DRINKER, LIKE MYSELF, THAN GO FOR IT.
Excellent coffee that provides the best of both worlds! Very smooth, and medium bodied! Great cup of coffee when you only need or want half of the caffeine shot!
Back when coffee was so high, we subscribed to have this shipped to us for about $4 a can, free super-saver shipping.  It was a great deal.  Now we get the big cans instead, same price.
This was my first purchase of any K-cup product.  I was very pleased with the quality of the coffee and ease of use.  Each coffee "K-cup" (actually a little pod) was easy to handle.  I keep them in a zipped plastic bag for freshness.  I ordered the FogChaser flavor yesterday and expect it to be just as good as the decaf French Roast.
I discovered this coffee on a salmon fishing trip in Alaska, the flavor really stands up to steamy frothy milk that I make in my Keurig milk frother. I buy both the regular and the decaf versions, so I can control the amount of caffeine I get at any one time.
I loved this coffee.  It is brimming over with flavor.  It is smooth, rich, with an undertone of dark chocolate.  I would highly recommend this coffee.  It is Yummy.
I bought this coffee for my in-laws because I know they like organic. Because the order came with three bags, I decided to take a bag for myself. I bought the whole bean and was immediately impressed with the condition and appearance of the beans. They were somewhat oily and appeared to be fresh. The coffee its self was fantastic. I didn't know if I would like the chocolate, but that flavor is very mild and actually a nice touch. Well, long story short, I am now "subscribed" to this coffee for regular monthly orders. Thanks Amazon!
A good medium coffee that I use to buy at my church.I also like the idea that it supports small farmers to make a sustainable income.
Bitter and sour, but also less intense, a good coffee flavor and aroma than any brand Coffee flavor and finish, the first such
Nice to be able to make iced coffee in my kitchen, not as good as the coffee shops, but much better then trying to make double strength versions with other flavors.
I am very pleased that I can order this product from Amazon.  I love my Dolce Gusto Coffee Maker and the Espresso flavor is delicious.
Many coffee brands that advertise their beans as &quot;Kona&quot; are blends, containing only ten percent beans from the highly desirable region, but these Aloha Island Gold beans are pure Kona, all from plants grown on the Big Island in the designated microclimate that produces some of the smoothest coffee beans in the world. While the Aloha brand may not be Hawaii's best, it is certainly one of the more available brands on the mainland.  Store in the freezer to maintain optimal freshness, and grind the beans immediately before brewing.For coffee connoisseurs, two phrases light up their eyes, &quot;Jamaican Blue Mountain&quot; and &quot;Kona.&quot;  If you want to give a gift sure to impress a sophisticated coffee drinker, you've found your beans.
These are the best crunchy granola bars I've tasted. They are excellent alone or with a nice cup of coffee. Highly recommended!
You can walk through the spice bazaar, through the streets and past the storefronts amidst the crowd and crush of Istanbul's market bazaar, until, near the Bosporus you come to the Mehmet Efendi window and smell the sweet scent of Turkey's greatest coffee.What Illy is to Italy, Mehmet Efendi is to Turkey, and let's remember-the Turks started it! Oh, what sweet scents, what delicious varieties. I always bring home as much as my suitcase will carry. This year I may throw away all my clothes to make room for more Mehmet Efendi. Oh, and if you are not hitting Istanbul, isn't it nice that you can get it on Amazon?
Hey, for instant coffee it's expensive but it really is Starbucks coffee and there just is no substitute especially for instant!
I love this coffee, and am so happy that I found the Starbucks Via Ready Brew in Decaf on Amazon.  I was already drinking this coffee on a daily basis, but was purchasing it from the local Starbucks stores, and paying a much higher price! And then I found it here on Amazon for a much more reasonable price. Now that I have found the 50 pack online, I am not only saving money, but it is delivered right to my door!  What more could a girl ask for?? :)
This coffee is THE BEST way to start your work day. The added bonus of not paying what you would pay at a Starbucks for essentially the same thing is an even better way to start your day :)Flavor: rich, bold and full-bodied. I've had other kinds of instant before and although I do prefer to use my moka pot for coffee, this makes a REALLY nice alternative.This coffee leaves no lingering aftertaste, the aroma is incredible and the taste is fresh brewed. You can't beat that! I keep stashes of these at work and in my handbag. Mmmm!
I'm a mom to a new baby and don't drink caffeine so instead of making a second pot of coffee after my husband has his regular pot, we thought we'd try this. Tastes excellent and the box it comes in is brilliant. Thanks Starbucks!
I got tired of grinding beans in the morning and I discovered this Via, it's a revelation, great tasting coffee in an instant without the"instant coffee flavor " disappointment.
A lot of people have been posting about the near-expired dates on the coffee. First, I'd like to mention that this product is intentionally labeled to have a really short shelf-life, and not to ensure freshness.The funny thing about expiration dates is that for something like this, it honestly doesn't matter. I've gotten batches that are expired (for cheaper) and the taste is the same great amazing taste as it was when it was well within the "Best Until" range. Yes, I have taken two packs, one expired and one not expired, and they both are the same delicious taste.The reality is that expiration dates are a wonderful tool that make people throw perfectly fine food and go out and buy more. Especially with dairy products: If it's a few days over, most people will toss out cartons of perfectly good milk or eggs that could keep for another five weeks, which keeps people buying it more frequently. The fact is, if you would drink it without knowing the expiration date is past (it doesn't smell or look bad) then it's not only safe to eat, but a waste to toss.This isn't true for drugs, however. If your medicine says it's expired, it's expired. Also, condoms. Those do lose integrity over time.So, this is a product that intentionally has a very short shelf-life because it makes ridiculous people go, "Oh, no, instead of getting it cheaper online and in bulk, I'll just buy a lot of more expensive smaller packs for more money." Starbucks enjoys charging their consumers for their instant coffee like it's magical pixie dust, and the only way they can stop people from buying it from other cheaper sources is to give it a tiny shelf-life. Look at some of the other reviews, here. It's working!
I ordered these for our small law firm since clients occasionally ask for decaf coffee but it happens so rarely that it is not cost effective to keep decaf coffee beans on hand. Also, it saves the time of having to brew an entirely new pot of coffee. No one can tell that the coffee is out of a packet. It dissolves quickly into a very strong brew.Highly recommended for people who occasionally need just a few cups of coffee.
Although not as good as good brewed coffee, it is best of all the other instants I've tried will purchase again.
In preparation for an international trip, where coffee quality would be uncertain, I bought a 12-pack at our local Starbucks store.  I like the quality and convenience so much that I use them at home.This is a very good price for the 50-pack, compared to packets bought in the store (12 for $9.95 = 83 cents each). Perhaps there is a similar discount on 50-packs purchased in the store but I've not seen 50-packs in any of the four Starbucks near us.
Starbucks Via is excellent! It is the best tasting "instant" coffee I have ever tasted. In all honesty, it is better tasting than the brewed coffee you get in any Char-buck's! Amazon.com has the best price, too.
If you're a VIA fan and like Starbucks Italian Roast, this is for you. WAY better than buying all those packs at the store and even Costco. Italian Roast tastes great. My only desire is for Starbucks to offer a 50-pack qty in their French Roast VIA vending packs (C'mon Amazon folks -- send this feedback to the good folks at Starbucks please!). Enjoy your coffee!
I use these at work where the coffee is not very good and there isnt a starbucks nearby.  The price on Amazon is better than even at SB.com  -- makes a great cup of coffee
When I first got a taste of this, I was hooked! It comes in a very convenient package and the coffee itself is so NOT instant-tasting. It smells just like it's freshly brewed when mixing and drinking that my co-workers can smell my coffee as soon as they enter my work area. One colleague of mine swears it tastes even better than what she gets in store!
Perfect for times when you want a cup of coffee now. Puts all other "instants" to shame and tastes better than those little energy bottles.
This is the best coffee ever love the flavor and this is the best way to buy it! Will buy it from here again for sure :)
It is close to the taste of fresh coffee. Moreover, it is cheap and convenient. I can have quick coffee every morning.
If u like to try something new has fair as instant coffee u must try great stuff I've ordered couple of this already
I'm coffee picky.  ok, snobby if you must know.I wandered into a Starbucks one day and they were testing fresh brewed against their Via coffee.  I guessed wrong.  Which shocked me and converted me.I know that it is not freeze dried coffee.  It is (in part) ground particles of the coffee bean.  It makes it taste absolutely fresh brewed.  I love the convenient little packages.  They make coffee on the run easier than you'd believe.I order every month for my husband and me and have not bought whole coffee beans in over a year.
I love coffee but cannot have caffeine as it bothers me. Decaf coffee still has some caffeine in it, enough that I can sometimes feel the difference when I have it. This chai is a nice alternative to my morning cup of coffee. It's rich and spicy, and caffiene free. It's a bit high on the sugar, but not so bad as some other chai I looked at, and I just have one cup in the morning. If you like the spiciness of chai I would recommend this brand. The six-pack was a good option, as I keep a container at work and another at home.
I have enjoyed the intense flavor, versatility, and healthful benefits of cocoa nibs for many years.  These nibs from Navitas are of consistently high quality and I recommend them to anyone who is looking for nibs. Nibs may be used to make chocolate.  I use them for a wide range of culinary purposes including: crunchy addition to yogurt, berries, desserts, ground with coffee beans for coffee.  I sometimes incorporate them into sauces if I'm not feeling lazy.  I like to cook but I tend to stick to simple things without sauces.  Unless you grind these things, only eat them if you are certain of the strength of your teeth as they are hard.  The flavor and aroma are mindful of chocolate, but unlike chocolate there is no sugar and they have a bitter finish.  I like it but your experience may vary.
I find I have grown somewhat addicted to having one of these crisps every morning with my coffee - they're not terribly filling because the crisps are relatively thin, but if like me you just need a little something to munch on in the morning these are the perfect pick.  Easy to grab and go, delicious, crunchy, all that you could look for in the morning.  Nice to buy them on sale or in bulk because they can be expensive.I like both fruit flavors of this product, but not as much the chocolate or cinnamon flavors.  I'm hoping they'll introduce more fruit flavors in the future.
I love a good cup of coffee but hate to brew a pot or even brew one cup in a pot.  Marley Coffee gives me the option I have been looking for.  Coffee in a bag - you know, like a tea bag!  The coffee comes in a 15 single serve pods.While the box doesn't state that it is to be used in a one cup brewer or as a "tea bag", I tried it both ways.  It brews a great cup of coffee either way.  In fact, I brewed the bag in a one cup brewer first and then saved it for the next day.  I then tried it as a "tea bag" and even having been used previously, it brewed a great cup of coffee, dark and rich.I normally put milk/cream in my coffee but I found I liked it black.  WOW!  Even my picky husband liked the taste.I did note the box mentioned KICKS FOR CAUSE FOUNDATION.  It is nice to see a company care about our children.  They believe children should be able to be children so they started this soccer program.  Good for them.Good coffee and a children's program sponsor all in one product!  Go for it!
I love coffee, and a particular fantasy of mine would be to go to all these exotic places, make friends with the natives, tour their coffee plantations, sample their wares, and pack my bags with a supply of their goods.  (Of course, I would pay them dearly for their goods and services.)Since I can't go to any of these places, I have to settle for imported coffee.  This box of coffee is "Organic Medium Ethiopia Yirgacheffe", "ethically farmed-artisan roasted", and is also fair trade certified and USDA approved.This particular coffee that I am reviewing is "exotic floral and berry".  This particular box has 15 individual, individually-wrapped (that's the part I like!) servings.I made this coffee this morning, and I love it.  It isn't very strong, so it might not be for everyone.  (Sometimes coffee is just too strong.)  I plan on making more of this coffee later today.I currently don't have an Espresso machine in my kitchen, but I hope to one day have one.  Whenever that time comes, I look forward to the day that I can make cappuccinos and other exotic coffee drinks with all these exotic coffees.UDDATE Sunday, April 15, 2012:  I did make more coffee last night (the coffee was so good - who could resist?); however, that was a big mistake.  I did not go to bed until early this morning; consequently, I slept late, missed church, and the day was ruined.  (I will go to church tonight.)  The caffiene must have been strong.  From now on, I will only drink this coffee in the morning.  I sure wish I had of had this coffee back when I was in the Army and had to pull all-night duty.
I usually like to grind my own beans but tried this because I had it once before and because it's organic. I tried it a few months ago and only had one cup and was pretty sure I liked it and wanted to confirm.I got this to use in my Cuisinart that is made for keurig k cups - I cut open the pods and poured the coffee into my set reusable kcup. Because the coffee is ground so fine, it didn't work too well in the keuring but I expected that. I just brewed two small cups with the one kcup-ful and it worked fine. The coffee is rich and full bodied, not bitter and only mildly acidic. And, it tastes pretty fresh for preground coffee.I love a deep, bold coffee but don't like acidic or bitter flavor, and this was a pretty good cupful, and it's organic to boot. I find it a challenge to find a bold coffee that I like that isn't bitter/acidic, so was pleasantly surprised with this. I would probably buy again if I could use pods directly or if I could get whole beans.
I've been drinking this coffee every morning for the last two weeks and I like it very much. I enjoy the flavor, the aroma and the aftertaste. I don't know what more to say, other than the fact that I'm a coffee drinker, I love it and I love this very excellent coffee.
If you like a light-flavored coffee, you will probably go for this one for convenience as well as flavor.It is in coffee bags (like tea bags) so you never need to make more than one cup at a time.  The bags are round, which makes it steep better than square bags.  There is no string on the bags to leach coffee from the cup onto the surface where you are steeping it.I shared this with friends.  Upon opening the packaging for the bag, every single one commented on the wonderful smell.  All those who liked a mild coffee described the flavor as SMOOOOOOTH.
I'll admit outright that I don't normally like coffee.  I'm a big drinker of hot tea though (and that's usually what I drink).  The only coffee I've ever had seemed terrible to me (then again, cheap crappy coffee probably really is terrible).  I wouldn't have normally ordered this, but the description sounded so nice and tasty that I decided to give it a try.  I went in not expecting to like it much though.So, I pulled out my boyfriend's tiny coffee pot to brew up some of this coffee.  The first thing that struck me as nice was that each packet of coffee is individually sealed, and each packet is contained in its own little filter (which is very convenient).  When I first brewed up a batch, I accidentally brewed it too weak (I made about 4 cups when the directions say to only make 1 cup).  I liked it a lot anyway; it reminded me of my favorite blend of carob tea.  To be fair to the coffee, though, I decided to brew it again following the directions properly.  It came out stronger (and I didn't enjoy the coffee bitterness as much) but it was still good.  I was able to drink it with only sugar and no creamer to dilute it's flavor.  I must say that in my limited experience, this is the best coffee I've ever tasted, but I think that I much prefer a light brew coffee.So, this is a great coffee for people who don't normally drink coffee.  Would a coffee lover actually enjoy it?  Well, if you like a really strong bitter coffee, then you really wouldn't care for this.  If you like a light or medium strength coffee, then you'll really love this one.  If you are just starting out with coffee drinking, this would be a good one to try out to ease you into it.  I liked it well enough that I'd even consider drinking it regularly along with my tea!  So, if any of this sounds appealing to you, go ahead and give it a try!
My husband and I fell in love with Pocket Coffee candies while we lived in Italy back in '09. We brought back a pack when we came back to the states, and hoarded them like precious, precious gold. Unfortunately, after a while (um, ok, a year), the coffee crystalized / vaporized, and the chocolate became super stale. It was so sad when we realized instead of making the package last forever, all we were left with was really stale and questionable candies.Anyway, point being, they should really just be enjoyed right away : ) (and now that you can order on Amazon, there's no reason not to enjoy them in a timely manner!)
We first had this coffee at the Menger Hotel in San Antonio. Some of the best coffee we ever tasted. The ground is not as good as the institutional coffee but still good.
Many vocal critics of illy coffee have never actually tasted it. As Dr. House says, everybody lies and illy is apparently a very popular thing to lie about. I've caught several vocal critics lying about illy (by serving it to them, getting the typical "This is fabulous!" reaction, then telling them what they're drinking. You know, the Folger's Coffee Crystals technique).Why is this?Well, on the surface illy does appear to be frivolous and therefore an easy target.- It's very expensive, especially for coffee that comes in a can- It's got a very fussy, very European marketing envelope around it- It tends to be sold in fussy, trendy stores- Because it's roasted and packaged in Italy, it is always several months old when you buy it- Did I mention that it's very expensive?As a result, it's easy to dismiss illy as an elitist, "image" product that can't possibly be worth what it costs. And it's easy to convince others of the same thing, whether you've actually tried illy or not.The truth is illy is really superb coffee, just about the best I've ever tried. Since I've started drinking it at home, I've found I'm actually drinking much less coffee overall, because I only know a couple of places that serve illy locally and I just don't feel like bothering with anything else, at least most of the time. The ironic net effect of this is that illy may actually be saving me some money!I don't know if illy will be worth what it costs to you. There are some very good coffee beans sold by Costco for roughly 1/5 the price, much better than anything you can get at Starbucks or Peets. (In fact, if Starbucks or Peets is your idea of really good coffee, stop reading this now. Not because I think you're some tasteless boob, but because those brands are in the very modern, very successful mode of bitter, over-roasted, burned-tasting American coffee and I don't personally care for that. So if you like those brands, you're probably not going to like illy or any coffee that I like. Personally, I like the bottomless cup of Peerless my favorite diner serves much better than Starbucks.)What I do know is that if you like coffee enough to own a decent grinder and other caffeine paraphernalia, you really ought to try illy. In particular, if you like light-medium roasts but find most are just too wimpy, you may just love this stuff.If not, you'll at least have a cute, fussy  little can you can sub-divide some of your Costco walnuts into. And that is something.
I want to review this product because I think there are some misunderstanding on what you should expect from it. First thing: Illy is one of the most appreciated brands in Italy, between those you find in supermarket shelves. Definitely not THE BEST, since in my country you can easily have imported beans roasted and ground at the moment.Second: It is NOT for use in auto dripping machines. The type of grinding is too thin. American coffee is made with coarse grind. This is to be used with espresso machines, or "caffettiera", amongst which Bialetti is the best brand, or pressure steam machines, those you find at the coffe shops.Third: to all of you who say "it's bitter": just put sugar in it, in Italy we put sugar in espresso. If you don't use sugar it is SUPPOSED to be bitter. To all of you who say it doesn't give you the "caffeine shot": that's not what espresso is for. If you need caffeine and need to wake up drink one of those energy drinks you can find at every store across the USA. Or just take some day off, sleep more and work less, like we do in Italy. Espresso is something small and enjoyable that makes your life a little better. Therefore it has to be good. It's part of our culture to enjoy the small things and try to live happier.
I love this decaf coffee.  It is very mild and tasty.  I use the highest size coffee setting for my k-cup and it is great.
I love my Keurig and I love this coffee. Great flavor and great price. Got to me fast and fresh.
Love it!  I am an avid tea drinker (instead of coffee), and I love this flavor.  I bought one in a metal tin for myself and savor each tea bag.  The smell of cinnamon, allspice (and maybe cardamom?) are so cozy and flavorful.I decided to send this as a gift to warm up someone else's spirits.  It's particularly great for autumn/winter, but I enjoy it year-round.
I have been obsessed with this tea for several years.  When the nearby coffee shop that sold it in bulk went out of business, I was thrilled to find it on Amazon for a good price.
This coffee is healthy and fantastic.  It is a bit pricey, but worth every penny! The dark roast is my favorite, but they are all very good!
This is an excellant coffee.  I can make a big cup of coffee without diluting the strength.  I have tried numerous coffee pod and k cups.  By far this is the best with using just one pod!  By the way I am having a wonderful cup of coffee while writing this review. It has a great taste, no bitterness, no terrible aftertaste whichever strength I use.  My hope is that I will be able to continue to get this one!  Thx again Amazon!
These are delicious! I have had chocolate espresso beans before, and sometimes the beans can have a bitter aftertaste, but these do not. Their taste is the perfect blend of fine chocolate and smooth robust coffee. Beware! You may find yourself eating them by handfuls!
While everyone can have their opinion, the scientific justification and logic in some of the arguments are without reason or merit.It is not monkfruit, it's a sweetening product which has monkfruit.  Comparing it to stevia the herb is not plausable.  Apples to apples.150 times sweeter than sugar is not the same as 150% sweeter than sugar.  150% is 1.5 times sweeter than sugar.  While this is a common mistake, like your vs you're, this should not be a mistake when doing an analysis or making an argument.The total calories is unknown and not calculable.  The listed 1 gm and &lt;1grm when it's itemized means it is non-zero.  In fact 1 gram of sugars from Erythritol is 0.2 kcals so if there is 0.1 grams, that's it's only 2 one hundredths of a single calorie (2/100th).  Calories is non-zero and less than 5 but any other attempt at calculating the calories without knowing the exact contribution between  0 &lt; x &lt; 1gm of each ingredient is guessing.Comparing a teaspoon of this to a teaspoon of sugar as an argument that it has significant calories makes no sense.  A serving of this is 1/4 of a teaspoon.  What's the point of using super sweet items if you do arguments based on volume.The added ingredients are there for volume and texture.  For the mass market, an eye dropper and instructions to attempt to get out 1 / 150th of a drop in my grandma's tea isn't a viable product model.  Even getting out 1/4 of a teaspoon is rather hard.  Ingredients are listed by weight, by law, they aren't listing it by the % sweetness the amount adds to the total product.  You are paying for a certain amount of 'sweetness', a.k.a. a 'serving'.  Would there be less issues if there were no fillers and you get 120 servings of sweetener but it comes in the size of a single sugar packet?  Get out the micro scale and the razor blades.Is it natural?  Let's look:1. Erythrytol - created from fermented sugar.  Is Vodka and whiskey natural?2. Sugar - even if it's GM (genetically modified) beet sugar, it's the 'granulated white stuff' 95% of American's call table sugar.  Most foods at the typical grocery store are GM.  Even the farmer's market.  Who do you think they buy their seeds from?  Monsanto.3. Monk fruit - Seems like there are no arguments on this being 'natural'.4. Molasses - By-product of making table sugar, that white stuff people see on the tables and make cookies with.Calories will add up and increase your blood sugar?  Only if you consume a lot...all at once.  Last I knew, people didn't sit down and eat 140 sugar packets at once.  Even then, you are looking at less of an impact on your blood sugar than 1/4th of a candy bar.  Half of those few calories is from Erythrytol, which according to Wikipedia does not have any affect on the blood sugar level.Pure Erythrytol is close to the same cost per '1 serving of sugar like sweetness' as this.  You just need a lot more of it.It's a lot of nit-picking and there's a lot more I could go over but people seem vocal over trivial things.  Does it really matter if something has 1 calorie when the whole point is that people are consuming way too much sugar and fat in their diet.  Why focus on getting 'no-fat' if the purpose is to cut calories and get to a reasonable diet.  We as a country are too obsessed on going from extreme to extreme.  I see people 300 pounds over-weight screaming at the barista about getting the non-fat milk over the 2% or the diet-coke to their 3 platter Long John Silver's meal.Lastly as a sweetening product, I like it.  It's has a slight fruity taste.  Cooking I have no idea but I like it in my morning coffee and tea.  I use to use 1/2 spenda packet 1/2 sugar packet but I've replaced it with a pinch of this.  I'm going to try it in my rib marinade and see how it works.I suggest anyone thinking about it, you can get free samples from the company, try it.  You won't die from it, look at a single slice of white bread and compare it.
This is the best non dairy creamer by far.  I have tried most and have become quite pleased with Coffee Mate.
We use alot of coffee creamer at our house.  We don't like the cheap ones, although we are very frugal in our purchases. Great that this deal became available on Amazon.  This was easy to purchase on line and was shipped very fast and securely.
I have been drinking the top brands of Turkish and Greek coffee, but the first time I tried the Albanian Coffee Skenderbeu and I love it. It has great taste, aroma, it is fresh coffee and makes more foam that the Turkish or Greek coffee. Unlike most of the Turkish and Greek coffee that are imported from overseas, I found out that the Albanian coffee beans are imported from Brazil and roasted and grind in Canada. When you order it is shipped directly from the manufacturer. This is fresh. If you are Greek or Turkish coffee drinker, I suggest Albanian Coffee Skenderbeu.
Have been drinking this coffee for many years.  Best DECAF and SUGAR FREE instant international coffee I've found. Don't care for the Suisse Mocha of the same brand. Currently, impossible to locate this flavor on the shelves. New Maxwell House flavors have surfaced of late, and I suspect seasonal flavors are ruling due to lack of sufficient shelf space to include my favorite.  If you can find it on the shelf, it'll probably be cheaper, though.  Usually retails between $3-$4 apiece.
I have tried ten or more of the decaf offerings for K-Cup coffee makers and the Tully's French Roast Decaf is by far the richest and most flavorful. It is worth the extra $.
I am a new tea drinker and I am certainly new to the world of Matcha tea. But oh, what a wonderful world it is! After reading all the rave reviews for Red Leaf Tea's amazing flavor assortment of Matcha teas on Steepster, I took the plunge and ordered their "2 in 1" Custom Matcha Tea. I chose Caramel and Madagascar Vanilla for my flavors and I am so glad I did! I am not sure I can adequately describe how much I love this tea and these flavors. I had been a little apprehensive prior to ordering mainly because I had never heard of it before and it was so green. Even after it arrived, I didn't dive right into it. After a couple days I decided to make some and see what all the hype was about. One taste and I am hooked. The flavor is amazing! I had it hot and then I made some cold. They were both awesome! I mixed up a tumbler full for my daughter for her morning tea at work and she absolutely loved it. She said she thought it would also taste great in cupcakes and I agree! Now my wheels are turning about all the awesome ways I can incorporate this flavorful Matcha into recipes. On Red Leaf Tea's website they have some delicious recipes for smoothies, frappes etc that I can not wait to try. I love that there are so many possibilities of ways to use this tea besides drinking it (which is awesome in itself!).I have been trying to diet but have a bit of a sweet tooth. Drinking this Caramel & Madagascar Vanilla was like having a dessert. I was totally satisfied. With a bit of sweetener added to these already uniquely superb flavors, this was like drinking a high calorie fattening dessert but was actually guilt free and healthy.Finally, I definitely need to comment on the amount of energy I feel after drinking this tea. It is a really good energy not like a coffee or sugar rush. My whole transition from coffee and soft drinks to tea was to reap the vast health benefits associated with tea. I was pleasantly surprised when I read the various and significant health benefits of Matcha tea. Besides the antioxidants & cancer fighting properties, it also aids in weight loss and mood enhancement!Great taste, health benefits and lots of ways to use it. It doesn't get better than that!I highly recommend this brand of Matcha tea.
If you like bold coffee this collection is for you, they are all so good I can't choose a favorite. AT
This coffee tastes wonderful and you get the added bonus of "warm fuzzies" by buying from an Earth-conscious company like Larry's Beans.
these are the BEST! toast light to medium & even the crust is fantastic. Real good with coffee. I'm sad when these are not in my pantry
I really liked this coffee and must say it didn't last long in the office. Two bags of this coffee was gone within a week and a half. I plan to order more soon.
Big fat beans roasted just right....easy to get out of bed for a mug of this coffee.Much preferred to the Lively Up, the only other Marley Coffee I tried.My friend who is a coffee snob even likes it.Ordered the whole beans and I use my Aero Press to make it.Have already reordered.
I like bold coffee--and so far, the Tully's has been my favorite, but there are others that are as good like the Green Mountain and the Newman's Own. But there have been few choices of decaf except for Columbian, which I like the least of any coffee (it's very acidic, not to my tastes at all.) This sampler has three decaf choices and a number of bold blends I have not tasted before. The only problem is that locally, I have not found some of them, including any decaf other than the Columbian. Still, it was nice to have a taste test to see if there are other bold blends in K-cup that I might prefer.
But thankfully, Amazon is there to be my supplier!This is strong tea, but I love it.  I can't tolerate so much as the scent of coffee, and I never was a morning Mountain Dew person, but this gets me moving in the AM.  I've cut back in that I don't brew two bags in a mug for 20 minutes at a time like I did a decade ago with Earl Grey.Super Target used to carry it around here, D/FW, but I think I may have singlehandedly cleaned them out over the course of the past year.The great thing about Amazon is, not only can I buy six+ months worth at once but there is no tax & free shipping.  Between those extras and not having to go anywhere to purchase it, it costs well below what it does at the store.
My mom said that she was unable to find these caramel-coffee-flavored Werther's in her local store, so I searched Amazon and of course--there they were. I sent them to her for her birthday along with an expensive "main gift" but all she has raved about since November are these candies!
I love this coffee ....it has such a smooth taste... it's my favorite coffee on a day off so I can just relax and enjoy it
This is my favorite coffee.  I like a strongly flavored brew and this fills the bill and the "smokey flavor" is an enhancement I like.
I didn't think I was a Green Mountain Coffee Roasters fan - I usually think their coffee is mediocre, at best - but this is excellent.  I make one cup per "small" Keurig serving - and it's almost an espresso.  I love it, and I am very fussy about coffee.
I am a huge coffee drinker, and love the k-cups for making one cup quickly before leaving for work in the morning.  While there are many choices, I prefer a bold, strong coffee first thing in the morning.  Wolfgang Puck French Roast is absolutely delicious, strong and not at all bitter, and makes a great first cup of coffee.  I would highly recommend to all bold coffee drinkers!
I purchased these for my mom and she loves them!  She does not like bold coffee flavors, but is more into the sweet and more flavorful varieties.  This one combines the taste of the islands with a smooth, nutty flavor.  Amazon had a GREAT price on these and this is something that I can actually recommend!
The Wolfgang Puck Coffee, Chef's Reseerve Columbian Decaf is fantastic and very delicious.  I definitely recommend this product to anyone who wants a great cup of coffee.
Never got a delivery as fast as we did this time.  We were running low on our special coffee. We have sampled many K-cup coffees, some in assorted packs and decided this is the best.  It is mellow, never bitter and always totally enjoyable.
This is my second favorite after the breakfast in bed flavor. I love Wolfgang Puck coffee. It's a little bolder then the breakfast in bed, but still smooth.
I prefer mild to medium coffee and I've tried so many different k-cups but I'll stay with this one the other reviews were right on , smooth and not any bitterness. Just a great cup of joe. With amazon prime it came super fast, if you're not a prime member I strongly recommend it.
This is a fantastic decaf coffee. My parents love decaf but there aren't many out there they enjoy. We've been drinking Timothy's decaf Colombian and we bought this to try it. Fantastic! I would definitely buy this again and again. It's smooth and not bitter. It's not super strong so don't expect it to be like a cappacino. This is a really great Colombian cup of coffee. You won't miss the caffiene.
We have been enjoying our order of W.Puck Sumatra Kopi Raya dark roast coffee K-cups for the last week.  We find the delicious flavor very satisfying...not so strong to be bitter, and not so weak as to taste like colored water.  The coffee is perfect. There is just the right amount of heartiness to make it an enjoyable coffee experience, and it carries a nice lingering pleasant flavor and aroma.  It is not as strong as an espresso, but maybe one step below.  Like we said, "pleasant, smooth, and flavorful!"
I want to try other types of coffee but I am so stuck on this one that it's hard to try anything else!  This is a mild roast.  Medium or dark roast is too strong for me these days.  The hazelnut flavor it very nice and every cup brewed is superb.  I have been drinking this Wolfgang Puck Hawaiian Hazelnut for at least 6 months and it never fails to please.  Give it a try :)
Love the coffee,,,, especially if you enjoy your coffee light.... a good cup of coffee in the afternoon when you need a boost but not a heart palpitation.  Very tasty, light and refreshing.  Would recommend to all interested for a slight elevation of your senses in that afternoon "down" that each and every one of us can relate to.  P.S.  no picture.... no one needs see me at my lowest ebb.
Discovered liquid stevia about a year ago. But it was so pricey at the grocery store. So I decided to look on Amazon! I pay about half what I used to pay in the grocery for this here! It's wonderfully sweet and adds no calories with it! I can't even stand coffee with sugar in it anymore!!! Thanks for the great product.
The French Vanilla iced coffee brews well over ice and has a nice medium flavor.  Good value too.  Arrived on time in excellent condition.
I have been drinking Melitta decaf. coffee for years when I lived in the East.  I couldn't find it on the shelves of the grocery stores in the Midwest but Amazon had it so I have it sent automatically.  Everyone asks me the name of the coffee and where I got it.  They like the robust - yet mild taste. Me too.
I use many Newman's Own products and I was glad to see Newman's Own Coffee K-Cups. I use K-Cups and I like bold coffee so I tried Newman's Own Extra Bold. I really like it. It makes a strong cup of coffee. I drink this round the clock, whenever I want a cup of coffee. I guess you can say, I am kind of a round-the-clock coffee drinker. Newman's Own Extra Bold is very good.
This Newman's coffee is the smoothest and best tasting of all the 'Extra Bold' K-cups that I tried.It has a noticable amount of caffeine in it, too.Note that in K-Cup lingo, 'Extra Bold' is not extra bold. It supposedly has 20% more coffee than the regular K-cups, and so they are for making a mug of coffee vs a teacup of coffee.
Newman's Own coffee's are my favorite.  I haven't found any that I dislike.  This coffee is like tasting a sip of Heaven.  It's strong, smooth and doesn't leave an aftertaste.  Simply wonderful!
I tried this coffee from my local grocer when they were running a special Buy One Get One Free campaign. I was thrilled at finding a coffee that tastes like Yuban used to taste before they reformulated it. It is full, robust, and tastes like coffee shop coffees. I will definitely be purchasing it again and hope that Amazon keeps it in stock.
My fiance was going to starbucks everyday and spending $4 on a chai coffee or whatever it is. She decided to try this product and she likes it better. And, its a lot less expensive. One container lasts her about a week and its a fraction of the price and buying coffee somewhere.We continue to buy this all the time.
This is probably my favorite k-cup so far. I'm no professional taster so talk of flavor notes in coffee or elsewhere usually leaves me scratching my head and thinking, "if you say so...". But at my first sip of this dark, smooth coffee, I though chocolate. It's not flavored or sweet but, for me, it has a "note" of good, dark chocolate. Highly recommended if you like your coffee strong and full of flavor.
This is a serious cup of joe. Yummyness!I have turned at least 3 friends onto this coffee.Robust and aeromatic
Very excellent coffee candy. And you get a nice set of 12 bags which contain 42 candies each.  Each bag is 5.3 ounces.  I am attaching two photos of a box with all the candy bags - I was pleasantly surprised by the amount and the weight of the package.I decided to try Bali's Best Coffee Candy after trying Kopiko coffee Candy. I really liked the candy but thought the price was too much ($5.49 for 32 candies, 4.23 oz).  So I decided to try this Bali's Best Coffee Candy. Bali's has stronger coffee taste and slightly sweeter.  Both are excellent candy, but Bali's is a much better deal.I noticed that the price on the Coffee candy fluctuates. I found a nice tool that shows history of Amazon prices and allows you to generate alert emails when the price reaches the desired price. If you enter "price history alert" in Google it will be come up at the top, it has the word camel in the name.  I find this tool to be very helpful.
I discovered these candies at a Fry's electronics store of all places. They are WONDERFUL! Robust coffee flavor with just the right amount of sugar. They make a great pick me up or little something to tide you over between lunch and dinner. Delicious and addicting. I have gotten four colleagues hooked on them too. Could not find them for sale any longer at Fry's or anywhere else in town. I located them on Amazon and got a smoking deal. Definately worth a try.
These Peanut ginger candies are so good we eat them as candy at my house! Unfortunately my local health food stores only sell plain (original) but I've talked to them about ordering this kind. I also have tried the Spicy Apple. It's intense but I like it, most of my friends don't though. I can't wait to try a sample of the Hot Coffee variety! (hint, hint)
Nice smooth full coffee, not bitter, plus good price. I think they would work in a multitude of machines because of the open filterered bottom-good design. And there's less packaging which is good thing. The coffee fits in my k cup carousel, it's little loose, but still works.
Love Tiny Footprint Coffee.  The company has a commitment to renewing the rainforest,and the coffee they make is great!  Got a 3 lb. bag of the medium roast and it arrivedin well-sealed plastic packaging.  The flavor is rich and bright, similar to the mediumroasts at Starbucks.  Was a little hesitant about ordering 3 lbs. of coffee withoutbeing able to actually sample it first, but it suits my taste in coffee.
Various pods from different companies either don't fit my Senseo very well or produce indifferent coffee.These pods fit perfectly and brew easily the best cup of coffee of any of the pods I've tried.  Really delicious.  I'll be trying the World Blend from the same company as soon as I get my hands on it.Although I didn't really like the idea of the pods being individually wrapped, which adds to the amount of waste, I think I may be a convert, since the coffee stayed lovely and fresh.Finally, I got an unprompted individual response from the company about my shipping preferences after I left feedback for them on Amazon, which certainly goes above and beyond what I expect.
Just regular breakfast coffee...a great way to start the day! I want coffee not flavors or extra caffeine.  This is my "goto" coffee to fully awake.
This  is the best coffee to wake up to in the morning!  Is not bitter just right.  Enjoyed by all who it is served to.
Green Mountain Coffee Breakfast Blend is good product at a good price!I am very satisfied with the level of service provided.
This is the best coffee for me.  I've tried others, but so far, I haven't found anything bettter. It's not just for breakfaast anymore.
I like this brand of coffee very much.  Reasonably priced here, as compared with my grocery store.  A good deal.
I ALWAYS BUY MY COFFEE FROM AMAZON AS THE PRICES ARE CHEAPER AND I LOVE ALL THE COFFEE. BEST PRICE ON LINE.
This is my favorite breakfast coffee. Very smooth, no bitterness at all. I would rather have a cup of this than a to strong cup of starbucks.
My preference is Green Mountain Breakfast Blend.  It is never bitter or too strong.  I like coffee, but those strong ones just don't make it with me.  Give me the mild ones any day.
We have tried many different types of K-cup coffee flavors and this is the one we keep coming back to.  Neither one of us cares for bitter, strong tasting coffee.  This has a mild, pleasant taste and it never varies from that. Definitely recommend!
Always brews great in my tall cup. Many other coffees tend to be too weak when you use the larger cup settings but not this one... Like I said... Yum!!
I'm never disappointed with the Breakfast Blend Coffee from Green Mountain Coffee.  It's always fresh and makes a very smooth cup of coffee, never bitter.
I could tell as soon as the box was delivered this was going to be great coffee.  You could already smell the coffee through the box.  I know....then it wasn't sealed or fresh.....wrong.  It was as fresh as I have had.  The price breaks down to be cheaper than buying the usual pound at a time from the store...in some case significantly....and the quality was on par if not higher than our usual store bought brews.
We used to be able to buy this coffee at the grocery store.  We moved.  No longer can we find it at our local grocery store.  As a treat I ordered this for my wife, and she was glad...so I was glad.  lol.
This was my 1st attempt to get off artificial sweeteners. I liked it! It takes as much as sweet n'low for each cup of coffee/tea(3 packs)..I should say it takes a little getting used to, it is less sweet that sweet n low(since natural sweet is less sweet anyhow) but you get used to it quite fast! and there's no aftertaste or anything like it.  If you looking for something natural & with zero calories then you should give it a taste. I didn't like "stevia in the raw"
Stevia is a natural sweetener from plant roots. This Truvia is a great tasting sweetener, with big granules. It is nice to know it is not made from petroleum products or chlorinated sugar, etc.Truvia tastes good in coffee and tea, and well, I tried mixing it with unflavored yogurt and it helped too. It has a slightly different taste vs. sugar, but you can always just use both in the coffee to save $$. The Truvia packets of 80 are about $4 to $5 at the store, so this 400-ct. box is comparably priced. I have no time for those who sell it for double the cost and then add exorbitant shipping.So thank you Amazon for this item, it is great tasting, natural, and a great price.
First off I'm not a coffee drinker, but like a little jolt in my hot chocolate to give it some extra flavor and of course to add caffeine. Generally in the morning I drink a cup of hot chocolate or chai tea latte. When I go the hot chocolate route I like to put about a third of a teaspoon of instant coffee in the mix. As I said I'm not an adventurous coffee imbiber. Thought I'd try a liquid coffee form and this coffee cappuccino drink seemed like it would be an 'adventure' to try for someone who is not coffee oriented. As an additive it was great. Because the cappuccino mixture includes some milk and beet sugar, it complemented the hot chocolate's taste. I used about an eighth of a can per 12 ounces of hot chocolate. Gave it a little zing. If you are not a coffee drinker, but like to add it to something for a bit of that coffee taste--this is a great product.
The first drink made me a little bit nervous... it's pretty strong!  Though I guess that cappucinos generally are. It seemed to mellow out a bit after the first drink and was really quite enjoyable.  I am a regular coffee drinker and this didn't wire me or keep me up all night so it must not be much stronger than a normal cup of coffee.  (I'm not sure about the relative caffeine contents it may even be less.)  Overall, very enjoyable.  If you try it I hope you like it as well and thanks for taking the time to read my review.
I drink a lot of coffee and one thing I've discovered is that there's a lot of variance in what people consider a quality beverage.  Some like it strong, some more mellow.  Some like it super sweet, others take it straight.  I generally take mine in the morning with only milk.  I use a combination of regular grind and expresso, so I tend to like strong-but-not-acidic coffee.  That doesn't keep me from downing Grande Mochas no-whip at Starbuck however.AND I'm telling you all this so you can judge what I say about the Illy Issimo Cappuccino drink.TASTE:I think this product is better than bottled Starbucks.  It's a little less sweet and I prefer that.  The cocoa flavor is more subtle, while the expresso taste is more distinctive, which I also like because if I wanted chocolate flavor I'd drink chocolate milk.  What I seek is a chocolate overtone with some sweetness and this Cappuccino beverage hits the mark.Pam T~mom/kidlit blogger/coffee lover
I don't normally like chilled coffee, ive tried the bottled coffee from Starbucks but its so sweet. However when I saw this coffee offered through the Vine program I thought I'd give it a try. Its really good, way better then I was expecting by far. It has a nice flavor without being overly sweet. Made with low fat milk and cocoa, it does have 81mg/8.45fl oz of caffeine content I can tell for sure. The drink came me nice clean energy with no crash and was much easier on my stomach then normal coffee with store bought cream. Only 100 calories per can which is nice the carbs are 19g along with 18grams of sugar. Recently ive been very obsessed withe expiration dates so I got this product on march 20th 2012 and it expires August 11th 2012 so roughly 5 months but it doesn't have any preservatives so that's not to bad.. Love that its on subscribe and save so instead of $23.19 its only 19.71 so it makes them roughly $1.62 a piece and that's a pretty decent price. Ive recently decided to try Weight Watchers and this drink is 2 points, so also not to bad.. Overall I think its a great beverage and I highly recommend it!
I tried this product at the same time I got illy issimo's Caffe flavored Coffee Drink.  The Cappuccino is much more my speed.  The Caffe flavor is "black", just an espresso drink with no dairy in it.This one the other hand reminds me of an iced coffee drink you might find in Dunkin or Starbucks.  It actually tastes very similar to those brands Mocha / Cappuccino flavored cold drinks, but not as sweet.  Now, in general I do have a sweet tooth, but I prefer this drink over the more heavily sweetened drinks from Starbucks and Dunkin.It has a definite coffee flavor but it is a mild flavor.  This drink is much darker out of the can than the other brands I mention, and I found it a bit less enjoyable 'straight', but over ice and with a splash of skim milk (or whole milk if you prefer) it really tasted great.Now, why, you may ask, would I rate something high if I have to add an ingredient to make it taste better?  I am a coffee drinker, but not a hard code iced coffee drinker.  I love a nice Dunkin Mocha Chiller, but at the same time I know those are heavily sweetened and taste more like a shake than a coffee.  So to me this is a great compromise.  I can drink it as is and like it, or quick it a slight dash of milk and it really is fantastic.
two words, awesome brew, this coffee has a good kick, but not bitter like some strong coffee's, it is rich, bold ,aromatic, AWESOME !!!!
First time I had tried Hawaiian coffee and I really liked it. Ity had a nice bold flavor and I absolutely could taste the difference as compared to my regular coffee. You will pay more for it but it was worth it.
I have been buying Kona coffe from Hawaii Roasters for over a year.  Their 100% Kona coffee is excellent and they ship to my APO address.I always buy three at a time to get the free shipping.  The coffee and the company are great.John
I've been drinking Stash teas for some time now but usually stuck to their caffeinated versions.  Once I found out I was pregnant, I made the switch to decaf and was happy to find that Stash has a nice selection of flavored decaf black teas.  However, this tea in particular is a favorite.In order to really bring out the flavors, I would suggest adding some milk and a sweetener (I usually use honey and if I do use sugar, I use turbinado sugar).  This makes the tea very smooth and creamy, something close to a tea latte.  The flavor is nicely chocolaty with just the right touch of hazelnut, which I find to be overpowering in large quantities.  I often drink this tea as a dessert-like indulgence but it would also be good in the morning in place of a flavored coffee.
This is my first keurig and while I love coffee, I wasn't crazy about being stuck with 18 K cups of the same flavor. The idea behind this is AWESOME: Pick your own selection so you can try a variety! Not only did I recieve the product fast and  experience excellent communication, but I also get to try various K cup flavors without being saddled with 18 of the same tired thing.I will be ordering again! ...just not the milk chocolate, though, 'cause that one was a rare miss. :P
I have now ordered this product twice since discovering it.  I love the pods and they work well with my Senseo coffee maker which has worked well daily since I bought it 8 years ago.
I have tried almost every coffee candy there is and Bali is my  number one choice. The  coffee flavor is just the right amount and the balance of sugar with the coffee is perfect. You can't go wrong!
I am not a big tea drinker..But to better my health I decided to get use to drinking tea because it is much better than pop. So in the last year I have tryed many teas. I usually have to put splenda in it. But I had this as an iced tea at a coffee shop and added splenda and it was a bit sweet..so the next time I didn't add anything to it and it was awesome!!!! I love this stuff. I will drink it as long as I can get it. Unfourtunatly I have to order it but its well worth it!!!!
I love CoolBrew coffee -- it's the best for making your own iced coffee at home.  The past few summers, I can't live without my CoolBrew, milk, ice and Splenda.  Sometimes I have to break down and drink it in the winter too.
I am pretty picky when it comes to my coffee.  Tried just about everything.  Can not stand the weak blends and only like dark roasts (extra bold).  Used to drink Timothy's Parisian Nights, Midnight Magic and Green Mountains Dark Magic on medium water selection to get a strong enough brew, but now Barista Prima French Roast ONLY, on the large water setting.  Even with extra water it is perfect.  Little pricier than some of the others, but it is worth it, plus I get a full cup of coffee now when I brew on the large water setting.  I should also mention I only use filtered water when I brew my coffee, makes a huge difference.  Filtered water and a Barista Prima French Roast K-cup and it will by far blow everything else out of the water.  Nothing else compares.  If you like a really dark, smooth, flavorful coffee, you must try this.  You will not be disappointed.  But keep in mind, this is only for people who truly like the darkest roast (i.e. I think it curls my hair). Serious coffee drinkers only!
We ordered 2 sets of the Crazy Cups Flavored Sampler, so that my husband and I could both sample a variety of flavored k-cups before making an expensive (18 cup) investment in a single flavor.  The sampler arrived in a surprisingly attractive box --- both inside and out --- which would make a nice gift sampler for a new Keurig coffee-maker owner.  Each sampler contained 20 unique k-cup varieties (no duplicates in the box) with a wide assortment of flavors from 8 different brands. Based on a few previous negative reviews, I was a bit hesitant to order... but I could not be more pleased with the samplers!
WOW!  I've been trying to find a good tasting meal replacement drink for 10 years...  One that tasted great AND kept me full.  Orgain nails it!  They have perfected the drink.  I love the Creamy Chocolate Fudge and also the Vanilla.  (I'm not a coffee drinker, so I haven't tried that flavor)I can drink this every morning and I'm not hungry again until lunch.  It tastes great and keeps me full.  FINALLY!!!  Thank you Orgain for creating this amazing drink.
I love Orgain, particularly when I need an afternoon energy boost but don't want all the caffeine in coffee or chai. Chocolate is the best. Read full review on my blog ("Of Spice and Zen"):[...]
I don't normally write reviews but for Orgain I felt compelled to. I can't stand most meal replacement shakes or protein shakes, because the texture usually seems off to me. When I have the time I use unflavored protein powder in a smoothie, but for days where that's just not possible Orgain has been an excellent substitute. I have tried chocolate and mocha, and both are great tasting. I prefer the mocha because I feel like I'm getting my coffee fix for the day--and though this stuff is caffiene free I feel energized without the jitters! It's a good breakfast, though occassionally I get an upset stomach after drinking it. I haven't been able to pinpoint why, but it's something to keep in mind if you have a sensitive stomach.I also drink orgain on my workout days, half a shake beforehand and the other half afterward. Even though it's expensive, I don't drink it every day, and my monthly subscription for just a 12-pack has done me well for a while now. For me, it's worth the money to have meal replacement that is easy and tasty.
This espresso has a very rich stong flavor without tasting burnt.  It is a bold flavor with a slight feel of the extract in the water.  It has a bit of a chocolaty feel and taste. (in my openion)  I enjoyed this coffee.
This is probably the BEST coffee can buy in the market--lot better than Starbucks or any other for a fraction of the price.  We have been using this coffee for the past 25years and we have tasted different coffee's but this is the best.  The price for a 10oz coffee that is advertised in Amazon is a real ripoff! No Kidding! We used to pay anywhere between $1.50 to $1.99.  Now for the past few months the price has gone up to $2.69/10oz brick or a 10oz.can.  You buy with Amazon you are insane.  The name of the store that we buy our Pilon coffee" is "Tradefair" in New York (Queens).
This is my favorite Tassimo coffee disc. I got the Tassimo and was enjoying the cappucinos and the lattes, but when I started to notice all the holiday creamers available at the grocery store I had to try them. The Signature Creama works so well with these liquid creamers! I first put the cream in the cup and then add the disc to it. The result is a flavored coffee with a really light foam on top. Also, I have not seen Tassimo cream based beverages in a fat free variety yet, so this is a great alternative. I use fat-free half and half and the fat-free french vanilla. Very very good!
I love this Gevalia Signature Crema Coffee, with or without froth added.  As a stand-alone, it's smooth and rich and flavorful, much more fully structured than anything I've had at any of the coffee chains. As a latte or with flavoring, it can be even richer.  I was highly skeptical after reading some of the reviews, but take it from someone who makes wine for a living and has developed a critical palate, this beverage is outstanding.  I never thought I could get this level of quality at home without spending outrageous amounts of money on Italian equipment.  The bang-for-your-buck is right here.  Thank you, Gevalia!  Bye, Starbucks.
I love this French Vanilla cappuccino!  It is exactly what I was looking for to make in my Keurig.  You see, I am NOT a coffee drinker so I am always on the look out for tea or other speacialty drinks to make in my Keurig.  This would be similar to the Cafe Escapes Cafe Mocha and Chai Latte.  It is a mix that fully emties when you run it through the Keuirg.  A word of warning to the die hard coffee drinkers...this is not your Starbucks cappuccino.  It's more like your gas station cappuccino, which was exactly what I was looking for.  Great taste even on the largest cup setting on the Keurig platinum.  My new favorite morning pleasure.
Excellent flavored coffee. Medium brew setting is perfect. I have non-coffee drinkers enjoying this particular brew. The price is right also. It is one of the least expensive brews on the market that don't disappoint the drinker.
The coffee is wonderful with no bitter taste or after taste. I prefer a Cappucino style of coffee with all ingredients pre mixed. This is one of the best that I have tried and I know I will be re-ordering when I am done with my original purchase.
I had been waiting for a while for a Cappuccino on the Keurig and I happened to find this one at the store. It's like drinking an angel wrapped in a unicorn. In other words, my new favorite Keurig drink! If you're not a coffee snob and you like French Vanilla and Cappuccino, try this product!
I was very skeptical when first trying the Iced VIA, particularly since, as another reviewer noted, the addition of sugar (NOT Splenda, alas) to the mix is clearly stated on the package.  Howver, this product turns out to be a huge win for me.  First of all, unlike the regular or decaf VIA which I also love (see my review of Starbucks VIA Ready Brew Coffee, Decaf Italian Roast, 3-Count Packets (Pack of 6)), a single serving packet makes 16 oz., not 8 oz -- in other words, you get twice as much.  Second, if you just add a little milk or half and half (I use 4 Mini-Moos for one 16 oz. serving) plus a squirt of your favorite chocolate syrup, it's better than a Mocha Frappucino, and at a fraction of the price for a larger serving than even the large size bottles.  Even though it's now no longer summer, this is still my favorite way to start the day.  I'm saving a lot of money by no longer buying Frappucinos, not to mention the effort of lugging a case home from Sam's Club every week.  And the sugar content is LOWER than that of a Frappucino -- even if you add your own chocolate -- which pleases me.  In fact, a Mocha Frappucino out of the glass bottle now tastes too sweet to me.Amazon is apparently getting ready to offer a 50-pack case of Iced VIA, which is fabulous news -- I can't wait!  :)P.S.  To make it easier to prepare, I keep several recycled 16-oz. plastic water bottles in the fridge.  Each time I want a new 16 oz. cup of Iced VIA, I use one bottle, then refill it with tap water and return it to the fridge.  No need to use a measuring cup or fuss with ice -- the chilled water is always waiting for me and makes a perfect iced coffee each time!P.P.S.  I have a new "best way" to make this:  take a "Working" glass  Luminarc 3053195 Working Glass jar 21oz, 12 PACK., pop the contents of one packet of iced Via into it, fill with skim milk up to the top of the highest indentations in the glass (exactly 16 oz!), and stir.  Done!  I used to then plop some chocolate syrup into it but now find I no longer need even that.  Behold, in seconds a frappuchino that is bigger, non-fat (as opposed to "low fat"), and lower in sugar than the commercial bottles.  And if you need to take it away, put the matching lid on the glass (search "working glass" -- all lids fit both sizes of working glasses).  My new, 8-second method of preparing a marvelous frappuchino to start the day!!! (almost as fast as just grabbing a bottle out of the refrigerator, and both cheaper and lower in calories, too!).
For an instant mix this stuff is awesome, and to me it tastes close enough to what you get at Starbucks.  If you haven't tried it before I would recommend picking up a 3 pack from the store before you buy them in a large quantity (that's what I did, and now I'm hooked!).I usually mix one packet with 16oz (or slightly more) of water in a measuring cup and then pour it over a large cup full of ice.  Doing it this way you actually get 2 full glasses which, in my opinion, is more than enough.  I think I would actually be happy if the packets only made half as much and there were twice as many in a box but I guess if you don't want two full cups you can always just use half a packet.  I don't find the need to water it down any more than it recommends (aside from whatever ice melts into the drink) and I don't find it too sweet at all.  I was happy to find these on Amazon as it saved me some money as compared to the cost at the store.  For the price you can't really go wrong with these especially if you frequently pay a hefty price for iced coffee while you're out.
I am a new tea drinker and I am certainly new to the world of Matcha tea. But oh, what a wonderful world it is! After reading all the rave reviews for Red Leaf Tea's amazing flavor assortment of Matcha teas on Steepster, I took the plunge and ordered their "2 in 1" Custom Matcha Tea. I chose Caramel and Madagascar Vanilla for my flavors and I am so glad I did! I am not sure I can adequately describe how much I love this tea and these flavors. I had been a little apprehensive prior to ordering mainly because I had never heard of it before and it was so green. Even after it arrived, I didn't dive right into it. After a couple days I decided to make some and see what all the hype was about. One taste and I am hooked. The flavor is amazing! I had it hot and then I made some cold. They were both awesome! I mixed up a tumbler full for my daughter for her morning tea at work and she absolutely loved it. She said she thought it would also taste great in cupcakes and I agree! Now my wheels are turning about all the awesome ways I can incorporate this flavorful Matcha into recipes. On Red Leaf Tea's website they have some delicious recipes for smoothies, frappes etc that I can not wait to try. I love that there are so many possibilities of ways to use this tea besides drinking it (which is awesome in itself!).I have been trying to diet but have a bit of a sweet tooth. Drinking this Caramel & Madagascar Vanilla was like having a dessert. I was totally satisfied. With a bit of sweetener added to these already uniquely superb flavors, this was like drinking a high calorie fattening dessert but was actually guilt free and healthy.Finally, I definitely need to comment on the amount of energy I feel after drinking this tea. It is a really good energy not like a coffee or sugar rush. My whole transition from coffee and soft drinks to tea was to reap the vast health benefits associated with tea. I was pleasantly surprised when I read the various and significant health benefits of Matcha tea. Besides the antioxidants & cancer fighting properties, it also aids in weight loss and mood enhancement!Great taste, health benefits and lots of ways to use it. It doesn't get better than that!I highly recommend this brand of Matcha tea.
What amounts to "good coffee taste" is a matter of personal preference. In my opinion, this is an excellent coffee that is very smooth with a nice medium dark color. I drink my coffee black with no sugar so I actually enjoy the coffee flavor and not the additives. I use the Keurig B60 to prepare a 9oz cup.
Green Mountain Fair Trade coffee, which i got for being a bzz agent, tastes great and makes you feel good while drinking it.  I enjoy fair trade coffee because i like knowing my money is going to actual farmers at a fair price.  But most importantly, the coffee is smooth, the taste is rich and it makes my morning go a little better.  I highly recommend this.  I have tried the Nantucket flavor, too, which i really like.  Ful
I am a Bzz Agent. The Green Mountain Fair Trade Colombian K-cups are very tasty. Even though it is considered a "light" roast, I found the strength just right, and I even add milk. There was no bitterness or aftertaste either. I recommend the Colombian when you just want that "good cup of coffee".
My husband and I are hooked on Columbian coffee because of it's smooth flavor.  We have tried a variety of brands of Columbian coffee prefer Millstone.  We also grind our own beans prior to brewing the coffee for a more fresh taste.  Prior to grinding the beans we mix 1/2 regular and 1/2 decaf coffee to be a little more health conscious.
After fooling around years ago with several different teas, my wife settled on this one. I have no memory of what I was drinking before PG Tips, but that must mean that it was forgettable. PG Tips is not. The English seem to know what they're doing in this department. No surprise there. To me it has precisely the right flavor, full and rich. If I get up in the middle of the night, for whatever reason that happens, PG Tips is there to quiet me down and put me back to sleep. (Won't work for those sensitive to caffine, I'm afraid, but I am not.) Now, after a long absence, I've returned to drinking it in the morning in place of coffee. My wife still thinks of it as something to have in the afternoon.  Just the best at any time. Try PG Tips!
Pamela's "Whenever Bars: Oat Raisin Walnut Spice" taste just like an oatmeal-raisin cookie and are deceptively filling for their small size.  In fact, the first time I had one, I scarfed it right down and probably didn't even chew enough, so I chased it with a second, along with a cup of coffee, and in about five minutes after everything got in my stomach, I felt like I'd eaten a plate of big pancakes.  So that was the wrong way to go about enjoying a Whenever Bar.  If you chew properly instead of eating as though you're a starving mastiff, ONE Whenever Bar is enough for one "sitting."  And these are a good option for when you're out and about, to keep your hands out of the candy bars or cookies at your nearest gas station.  You get some nutrition in return for your calories with these, instead of filling your internal gas tank with sugar and fat.  And like I said, they taste just like a regular oatmeal-raisin cookie, so it feels like you're being really indulgent, with these bars.
This is my favorite coffee. It is so nice to be able to order it ahead and have it shipped right to my door (no charge) with comparable prices. I hear it perking in my coffee pot right now! :)
I consume a lot of this tea on a daily basis while at work.  If you are trying to find a good coffee substitute, this is great because it is very low in caffeine, yet very strong, rich and complex in flavor.  I am sensitive to caffeine, yet this tea does not get me too wired.  It does, however, give me a gentle jazzy infusion of energy.  My personal fave thing to do, tea-wise, is to COMBINE a bag of this kukicha tea with a bag of pure peppermint tea (I favor Celestial Seasonings Pure Peppermint, which has peppermint as the sole ingredient and it is a very strong peppermint) and let them steep together:  VUNDERBAR!  You get a tea with unexpected chocolate overtones that is very delicious, strong and complex.  But back to the straight Haiku kukicha experience:  to sum up, if you are looking for a strong, pure (organic, as a matter of fact) green tea that is heavy on depth and flavor and low in caffeine, you have found it.  ENJOY!
I love the Senseo - it is so easy to use and so easy to clean.  I wanted to replace Starbucks (why pay $4 or more for a cup of coffee) but the Senseo coffee pod flavors did not excite me.  I spent some time googling coffee pods that fit the Senseo.  I like strong flavor, so I ended up buying these and I use two (2) pods for a stronger cup.  I really like these.  The flavor is really great.  I will purchase them again!
These folks are right.  This stuff is very rich and we just use skim milk.  Richer than the expensive chocolate shavings we have splurged on in the past.  The tins go along ways too.  The per serving cost is a fraction of buying the individual packets at the grocery store of other brands, but I would pay more anyway because this stuff is so good.  We just had to order another case.  Try it with some coffee.  Mash it up in some vanilla ice cream. Seems like they could sell it for much more if they got rid of the dude's first name.  First name only brands really cheese up the product.  How about "Cocoa Passions" or "Divine Cocoa" or even, "Serenity Now Cocoa".  Anything would Glam up the product name a little. I am a builder, would you buy an expensive house from "Kreg's Stately Mansions"? Nope.  Doesn't matter how choice the work is. I am sorry, Stephen, you do have a great product, I'll stop. Oh well, keep the prices low...Five stars, brother.
I really enjoy this added to coffee for a mocha flavor.  Dissolves better than other fat free hot chocolate mixes.
I purchased this pack of 4 because the size is perfect for my husband to take to work. He loves this brand of cocoa with the rich milk chocolate taste. He likes to mix it with his French press coffee and make a poor man's mocha. Tastes great and saves us money!
Tully's French Dark Roast K-Cup coffee is the best we have found anywhere.  It has a bold flavor that is not bitter and is consistent cup over cup.  If you like strong bold coffee this is the one for you.  We've tried all the others and now buy Tully's French exclusively for our bold coffee.
Well balanced flavor.  My husband likes strong expresso type of coffe and I don't like too strong coffee so I had to buy two different kinds of flavor before, but now we can compromise each other with this.
I stumbled upon this coffee while browsing Amazon's grocery dept., ordered it and was very pleased with the fresh roasted beans and the subtle cinnamon, hazlenut flavor.  I have since ordered several bags, served it to company to rave reviews and added it to my favorite coffee list.  The price can't be beat.
Love it. The flavor, hmm.... I do not have the exact words to describe it. I like a strong flavor coffee, and this has a nice strong flavor. I also find green and herbal teas soothing, and the rooibos has that also. It's not coffee, and it's not tea, but it does have some of the characteristics of both. No caffiene, so when I want a coffee late in the afternoon or in the evening, then this is my go to drink.If you're keurig machine has different size options, I usually go with the 10oz size. I found 12oz too weak. I never tried the smaller size options, so I do not know how strong it will be with the smaller sizes.It does stain your cup. But, I once read that if it doesn't stain, then you're not drinking authentic rooibos tea.I will buy again.
Of all the flavors I've bought for the Keurig, this is my favorite.  The coffee isn't bitter and it isn't weak.  It has a good flavor and I miss it when I can't get it!
My husband thinks this is the best coffee he has ever had. I am not a coffee drinker, but it sure goes down good with lots of cream for me. It really is wonderful, I am so glad I found it in bags cause we do not have the Koerig coffee maker.
I was a hardcore coffee drinker for 20 years. Suddenly, I was craving tea.  I tried many different kinds until I tried this tea and have been drinking it ever since. I love it!
I am completely addicted to my Chai- and I've gotten 2 friends at work hooked, as well.  We split the box I bought here, and it was less expensive ($2.21/box of 20) than when we get it by the single box in the grocery store ($2.59/box).  Definitely worth it, especially if you can get the free shipping!  Who needs coffee??!?
I recently gave up coffee, but still felt I needed a little boost first thing in the morning.  The nice spicy ginger tea is great for waking me up and love the lemon-ginger flavor.I like the convienence of using Subscribe and Save program so will always have the tea on hand.  Highly Recommend this tea!
I find this coffee to be very pleasant with very little bitterness or acidity. Since it comes in individual pouches, much like a tea bag, the result is perfectly filtered. There are brewing machines that take such pouches, but I just put it on the bottom of a cup and pour boiling water over it. By adjusting the amount of time that you let it steep, you can regulate the flavor. Most experts suggest only a few minutes, similar to the amount of time a drip method would take. More than that is considered over-extraction that may result in more bitterness and other changes, but it is a matter of personal preference. The foil packs also keep each pod very fresh. It is also very convenient to take to work with you since it is so simple to brew.
This is good coffee! As soon as the Marley Coffee arrived I brewed up a mug of the elixir, added only real cream, and sat back to see how it went. And it went well! I like my coffee strong, and although this is a medium bodied brew, it can be brewed to be stouter if you have the right coffee maker. The taste is smooth, not bitter, with a bit of fruitiness on the palate - particularly, nice hints of dark cherry. For a smooth and delightful change of pace, I recommend that you give Marley Coffee a try!
I drink a lot of coffee and tea everyday, my normal brand is Gevalia Limited Edition but I like trying different brands when the mood strikes me, as it did here.I don't have one of these machines that uses the pods but my normal use machine is the Keurig and I personally fill the K-Cups with which ever coffee I'm in the mood for, and it was simple to empty one of these pods into my re-usable K-Cups and I'm glad I did.I'd read the different reviews and the opinions were all over the place and I think it had to do with the preparation that each person used. I decided on the Keurig because I just wanted a single cup this afternoon but in the future I will brew several cups using the French Press (LOVE! the Richness with the press)But enough about the style of the maker and back to the matter at hand, the coffee!It's a delightful, full and rich tasting coffee and I will be enjoying it and I'll be ordering more because it's great stuff.It's a joy to find a coffee this good because most leave a lot to be desired.
I am relatively new to the world of pod coffee, but bought a Bunn My Cafe that I am thrilled with because it brews at the right temperature, easily, and with no ecological waste.  One of the fun aspects of all this is trying out all sorts of coffee pods made by different companies.  Most of what I have tried so far are very good, so I have no complaints about any of them, but the Marley One Love coffee pod is perhaps my new favorite.  Wonderfully smooth coffee from Ethiopia, and from the moment you open the wrapper and smell the first whiff of heavenly coffee until you get to drink the freshly brewed cup you will not be disappointed.  This is going to become a regular order for me.  YUM!
I'll admit outright that I don't normally like coffee.  I'm a big drinker of hot tea though (and that's usually what I drink).  The only coffee I've ever had seemed terrible to me (then again, cheap crappy coffee probably really is terrible).  I wouldn't have normally ordered this, but the description sounded so nice and tasty that I decided to give it a try.  I went in not expecting to like it much though.So, I pulled out my boyfriend's tiny coffee pot to brew up some of this coffee.  The first thing that struck me as nice was that each packet of coffee is individually sealed, and each packet is contained in its own little filter (which is very convenient).  When I first brewed up a batch, I accidentally brewed it too weak (I made about 4 cups when the directions say to only make 1 cup).  I liked it a lot anyway; it reminded me of my favorite blend of carob tea.  To be fair to the coffee, though, I decided to brew it again following the directions properly.  It came out stronger (and I didn't enjoy the coffee bitterness as much) but it was still good.  I was able to drink it with only sugar and no creamer to dilute it's flavor.  I must say that in my limited experience, this is the best coffee I've ever tasted, but I think that I much prefer a light brew coffee.So, this is a great coffee for people who don't normally drink coffee.  Would a coffee lover actually enjoy it?  Well, if you like a really strong bitter coffee, then you really wouldn't care for this.  If you like a light or medium strength coffee, then you'll really love this one.  If you are just starting out with coffee drinking, this would be a good one to try out to ease you into it.  I liked it well enough that I'd even consider drinking it regularly along with my tea!  So, if any of this sounds appealing to you, go ahead and give it a try!
This is a very nice flavored coffee and is great for an afternoon or after dinner cup.  It is really fresh.
This is a flavorful, smooth and rich variety from Timothy's.  I like my coffee strong and without bitterness.  This one filled the bill perfectly.  If you like the deepness of espresso along with the ability to stand up to sweetners and creamers (I use half and half), then this is the coffee for you.  It was a First Cup in the Morning WINNER.
This is a good choice for everyday drinking of the highest quality. The extra bold contents make for decent mug-sized Ameerican coffee cups; and though the name is "Espresso" the result is pleasant for non-Espresso coffee drinkers. For a darker flavor more akin to Espresso, try this company's "Midnight Magic". I find the quality of this Canadian company's coffees at least as high as the more costly comparable products from a certain highly publicized large New England roaster, and it's an opportunity to give our Canadian friends some business while gaining highest quality and good pricing.
After drinking Starbucks every morning for the past 6 years, I got tired of the taste, cost, and increasingly rude semi-stuck up staff. I thought they were the servants? Never mind. After purchasing the Keurig machine and using up all of my free K-Cups, I began researching all of the available coffee brands and types for that extra bold, yet not bitter taste. I read numerous reviews online and at the end everything pointed to Timothy's World Coffee Extra Bold Rainforest Espresso.This is undoubtedly the best tasting coffee I've ever had. It's very bold and yet you don't taste any bitterness at all. I look forward to my morning coffee at my office and miss it on the weekends. If you like the bold taste of Starbucks and yet hate the bitterness and burned taste, you definitely need to give this coffee a try.
this coffee taste good and makes a good strong coffee at the 5 oz level. perfect for the morning wake up.
One thing about these type of coffee makers is lack of strong coffee. Well folks not with this brand. If strong is what you want you got it. I also think the flavor is reasonably bold.
Love these k-cups. I had tried some of the sample coffees that came with the Keurig and was very concerned that the k-cups were just very weak and not robust. I found out through reviews on Amazon that the bold k-cups might be for me. They are and this Rainforest Espresso is intense, robust, delicious!
I purchased this pack of 4 because the size is perfect for my husband to take to work. He loves this brand of cocoa with the rich milk chocolate taste. He likes to mix it with his French press coffee and make a poor man's mocha. Tastes great and saves us money!
Love this stuff.  I use it as "creamer" in my coffee to make a low calorie mocha.  My husband likes it with hot milk to make cocoa.
I have been out of the country many times and I love good french coffee. This is the best one and I have tried so very many.
We've had our Keurig since December and love it.  We tried the Twinings Earl Grey tea K-cups and, although the coffee is uniformly great, we had a bit of pessimism whether a Keurig could "brew" a good cup of tea.  The Twinings K-cups more than passed the test and have become a favorite in our household.  The tea is brewed just right, flavorful and refreshing.  Twinings (and Keurig) have become a big hit in our home.
Have been purchasing the six-pack of Folgers Hazelnut with automatic delivery forever.  Just don't want to run out!  It's rich, flavorful, smooth and at a very good price.  That aroma in the morning is heavenly.  Highly recommend Folger's Hazelnut Coffee.
I find this stuff very drinkable on a daily (and several times a day) basis. I have purchased a fair amount of this by now, the most recent batch from Amazon. Good stuff for "large brand name" coffee.
I believe I have tried all the coffee T-Discs for the Tassimo.  The Maxwell French Roast hands down is my favorite.  I'll still try all new products offered but I usually go back the the French Roast.
This coffee is a good choice for your morning cup, but isn't as great as some of the other offerings: Gevalia or Starbucks. However, at this price, I'm very happy with it.
We love this coffee, used it for years, and bought extra to take to our summer vacation home. Ran out before our guests arrived who love the vanilla nut flavor of this Don Francisco Coffee.  We were able to order on Amazon and have it here in a couple of days. It arrived before our guests who loved their morning coffee.  If you haven't tried Don Francisco Coffee please do.  No aftertaste and a tremendous flavor.
Gloia Jeans Butter Toffee coffee has a great taste. The smell of the aroma as the coffee brews starts an enjoyable experience. Sit back, relax and enjoy a cup!
I'm a bit of a coffee snob and I have to agree with a leading consumer magazine about this coffee. It's good fresh tasting coffee without any faults and without the slightly burned flavor of the leading latte shops. You can pay a lot more but in my opinion you won't find anything better for the price. You really can't go wrong with it.
I am no coffee expert I must confess.  I have never had Blue Mtn Coffee or Hawaiian coffee, but I love this coffee.  I grind and make espresso and my wife and I drink it every morning.  I think that is the only reason she keeps me around.  Give it a try, its cheap and you can get it anywhere.  The packing looks old school (like it was designed by A&P in the 50's which it was), but the inside is good.
This coffee was recommended by a leading consumer magazine.Based upon that I decidedto try it.I have not been disapointed.This coffee is really delicious;especially the unground beans.I'm a regular user now.
I purchased this product to experience a unique coffee flavor. I was not disappointed. I share this syrup w/ the baristas in my office building (this is our little secret) & they, too, enjoy the flavor. This is as close to a liquid chocolate-covered banana as you are going to get. I was very impressed w/ the seller. Boba Tea Direct took great care when shipping my order. I was kept in the loop from initial order to receipt of product. I am looking at some more flavors & Boba Tea Direct is my only choice.
Great tasting coffee with a real nice aroma.  We love the K-cup way of brewing coffee, always fresh and lots of good choices.
For years I just bypassed this stuff at the checkout counter because it seemed like a gimmick, but holy cow I tried it and it's great.  The advertising is right that you don't really crash when it runs out, and it doesn't make you as jittery as drinking a huge cup of coffee - for me, no jitters when I drink half, a little jittery if I drink the whole thing.  I also find that it has a mood enhancing effect. The taste is fine, like a concentrated energy drink, but you're not drinking it for the taste.  The price on Amazon is the best I've found online if you consider shipping - although watch out because they change around the prices for different flavors, I guess depending on their stock.
I will not say I am addicted to 5 hour energy but I have used it quite a bit this summer. I have never been a coffee drinker and don't like the energy drinks I've tried (Red Bull, Monster, etc.) I am a cabinet builder and installer and have never had a busier summer so I found myself putting in long hours. I couldn't believe the first time I tried this that I could actually feel myself "waking up" in the first 5 to 10 minutes. I have done a lot of research on any possible side affects of this stuff and found that it really is safe, if not abused of course. Amazon has the best price that I have found.I prefer the pomegranate over the Orange but it's a little more expensive. The Orange isn't bad , besides I'm not drinking it for the taste!I love it!!
I am not a fan of Folgers coffee so consider me extremely surprised when I say in all honesty that this flavor of Folgers is one of my favorites!  It has a pleasing french vanilla taste and is wonderful both hot and cold.  Highly recommend!
The coffee has smooth, light taste.  You can taste the flavoring, which is a nice change from some K-Cups where you can only smell the flavor.  Nice job, Folgers.
I do not drink fancy coffee.  I do not own a burr grinder or an espresso machine.  I do like to fill up my Contigo cup for the commute to work.  I find that Folgers makes a smooth cup of coffee to drink on the way to work.  I actually use 1 3/4 of water to brew mine so it fills my cup to the top.  A single pack of sweetener and I'm off to work.  I purchased 3 of these 36 count packs because it was cheaper than picking them up from Walmart ($10.87 + tax for 18 count)
This isn't as good as regular coffee and it's hard to detect any vanilla flavoring but it's been a godsend for me nonetheless.  It has allowed me to drink coffee again and I'm very grateful.  It took a little while to get used to it because it is quite different from non-low acid coffee but now I really enjoy it and will continue to buy it.  I just wish it were available locally and that I could buy a cup of this in a coffee shop.
These coffee cakes make great gifts for any accasion!  I have given them to customers as well as my friends.  Everyone agrees that the cakes are tasty and delivery was timely.  These cakes can be frozen, but mine are always gone before  we even tink about freezing them.Thanks for a gift that tastes like homemade with just a quick visit to your websight!GinaSaratoga, CA
. . .A little fussy about my coffee, and this coffee did not disappoint me.  It has a rich flavor, I can control the strength by adding or substracting the amount of water I use (which you can do wih all coffees, I know).  The flavor - although I cannot pinpoint the difference, is very nice.  I'll definitely be buying more of this brand and I think that's probably the best review I can give it - I want more.
This coffee tastes amazing!  I like the individual serving size, very conventient for a 'fast dash' morning coffee for on the way to work.  It has a very complex flavor, is smooth, not too strong.  Make sure you steep it long enough to get the full flavor.
Not much of a description on the box and no instructions, but it's pretty much a tea bag that says this side down.  Let it brew in really hot water for 5 minutes and squeeze it out real good and presto you have easy to make single serve coffee.  I can't see any reason to put it in a coffee maker...total waste of electricity.  It is mild but strong enough in my humble opinion, but I hate starbucks coffee because it tastes too strong and burnt to me.  If you like your coffee dark and strong enough to stand a horse shoe in it straight up this may be too boring for you.
I really hoped for the best on this one after becoming disillusioned with my local coffee shop's organic ethically produced Ethiopian offering, but happily this is a great tasting cup of coffee. My husband orders these specifically to take with him to work. Flavorful, bold, rich, really nice for a single serve. Usually we need two pods per cup of other blends to make it work for us but not with the Marley Coffee. A+
We have tried a couple of single serve coffee varieties to offer guests and put out along with our single serve tea selections at parties and gatherings. Nearly all foods in our home is organic or better so I am only comparing this with other organic single serve varieties we have tried (and there aren't that many). This is by far the best one we have tried. Even our coffee-discerning Colombian friend really likes this coffee. It is a true medium roast, not too rich or bitter. Very smooth and not acidic. Good enough to have with cream alone. When this box is through, I will buy this one again!I hope this was helpful. Thanks for reading!
First of all, these are 1 cup pods.  It does not make a full pot.That being said, I made a pot at work to share with my co-workers.  I had to open about 5 of the pods to make the pot, but it did work well.The reactions of the 8 people who tried it were as follows:2 of us gave it a 101 woman gave it a 91 woman gave it a 8-8 1/21 woman gave it a 7 as it had a good beat & was easy to dance to.1 woman gave it a 41 woman gave it a 2 as she didn't like the aroma1 woman gave it a 1, not liking the aroma & thought it had an aftertaste.And I might add that we did play a Bob Marley cd while drinking.I will continue to drink this coffee as I enjoy the smooth, bright taste.Thank you.MEF
When i got this coffee,i discovered it was for a single cup machine.I dont have one so i just cut the packets open and used the coffee in my drip machine.It worked just fine.I only used two packets for a half a pot and it was still strong so i think a little more water and it would be fine.The coffee is very good.I felt it was very smooth and had a nice aroma.I didnt realize that the name Marley is the family of Bob Marley.Im a fan so it made it even better.Good stuff,mon,try it.
My husband uses this sugar since he is a diabetic.  He likes it in his coffee and tea.  It dissolves easy.  It is better than using anything that isn't aspartame.
Tasts like sugar. No unpleasant aftertaste. I enjoy it in my coffee and it makes great sweet tea. I like the fact that it is made in the US from Birch trees.
I have been drinking this tea for a long time now.  I used to have to purchase it at a doctor's office because it wasn't available elsewhere.  I'm so glad that I can buy it now from Amazon.com.  I drink this tea throughout the day like other folks drink coffee.  Wonderful taste.
These beans, into my burr grinder on "fine", and through my AeroPress, make one of the smoothest and most balanced cups of coffee I've ever had.  The acidity is very low, which lets the natural sweetness of the bean come through.  Well worth the price.
My husband liked this coffee so much he bought other coffee for guests so he can drink it all himself.
I love this coffee...even better when I found out it is from New Orleans...This is the Superbowl of beverages.
Flavor is very smooth and chocolate like. This is not a dark, oily, overbearing coffee which is typically offered in the USA. My favorite after trying many different beans in my Jura Capresso F7.
Had this coffee in Italy last summer and loved it. So glad I can get it here, so smooth and the crema is wonderfull.
use Lavazza coffee with a Capresso Coffee maker; excellent smooth flavor, not bitter at all; the more you use the stronger it gets without any bitterness; you can drink this straight without any sugar or cream; it does not taste like star*
Best hazelnut flavored coffee I have found.  The K-cups came in one box.  The K-cups are so easy to use.  Delivered fast as well.
I love this Hazelnut coffee.  The flavor is smooth and has just the right amount of hazelnut in it.  Of course, being a K-cup, it is extremely easy to use and ready whenever you want just a cup or two.
I spent a good deal of time & money stoppin by DunkinDonuts every morning for a Hazelnut Coffee, of course it was never consistantly good with a different person always making it.  So.... My wonderful boyfriend bought me a Keurig & since then my mornings have been 100x's better!  I love the convience, they are the right size & tastes great! The hazelnut smell alone gets me going in the morning!Great Product & Great Price compared to purchasing in the store!
We love the Hazelnut coffee in our house! Great flavor and the coffee isn't bitter or too strong. I also love the price! Buying it here in a pack of 50 makes it cheaper than any of the stores in our city.
I like Amazon's method of regular shipping my favorite coffee without any reminder from me. So far it works fine I rerceive my order every 2 months. I would highly recommend this type of service so that I don't have to remember any more when to re-ordr
I purchased this coffee flavor (Hazelnut) for my wife and she is really enjoying it.  Only problem is when we received the box, all k-cups were packed inside the box and a couple of k-cup were punctured.  This is caused by the edges from the other k-cups.  We ended up with coffee grounds all inside the box. Very inconvenience.
LOVE IT ! order it on a regular basis. Great bargain, great coffee. Free shipping for subscribing just sweetens the pot to want this brand. This is a strong flavored coffee, perfect for a night near the wood stove or sitting around a campfire in the summer. Highly recommended!
My husband loves this coffee--thinks it's the best hazelnut we've tried.  I love the price!
I have tried all the K-Cup coffee's and I always come back to this one, it sounds like a foo-foo drink but the aroma and taste make it a good cup of coffee anytime of day, and the price is right too.  I buy two fifty packs and that comes out to just a little over four cents for a twelve ounce cup of coffee.  Try that at Starbucks.
If you like other flavored k-cup coffees, you will probably like this one.  This is one of my favorite k-cups.  I think it is a perfect balance of a lightly flavored coffee and superb aroma.  It has a very pleasant hazlenut aroma when it brews (stronger than some other flavors) and tastes like a great coffee with a light hazelnut taste.  This seems more like a medium roast than a light roast if you compare to other flavored coffees and I feel like it has a very nice coffee taste above all else.  I like medium coffees, so I think this one is great.  It isn't like drinking a shot of hazlenut flavoring or like drinking a strong starbucks coffee.  It is just a harmonious light flavor to a good medium coffee.Like other flavored coffees, you should only brew this on the normal default coffee cup size (6oz) on the Keurig brewer or you will water it down if you use the mug size or larger.
I bought this for my brother. He has one of those machines. I don't. But I was out of coffee so I took 6 of the K-Cups and opened them and used them to brew a pot of coffee. I'm not a flavored coffee fan either -- but I really liked the coffee. Full-bodied and mildly flavored. The feedback from my brother's household affirms my opinion.
I love this coffee and drink it daily.  However, it is a little weak, even though it has good flavor.  I usually use two k cups with the regular setting to fill my travel mug every morning.  Gotta watch Amazon though...we used to use Wolfgang Puck's Hawaiian Hazelnut, but they jacked up the prices so we switched to this one.
During my college years, I worked as a checker and ground 8 o'clock coffee as part of my job for A&P Food stores. At the time I didn't drink coffee but I did enjoy the smell of freshly ground coffee. Today I grind 8 0'clock coffee in my home and the smell is still there. Freshly ground coffee can't be beat and neither can the 8 o'clock brand; still as good as it was 40 years ago.
My husband drinks these every morning (he doesn't like coffee) so getting these delivered to our front door with free shipping is AWESOME! Save us money too cause it keeps him out of the stores in the morning where usually he is tempted to buy other stuff like junk food!
Love the coffee! everything about it- looks of the packaging, beans, smell, and taste. Bonus is that it is fair trade. have it on autoship!
I bought this coffee for work as we were bored with our current selection and it was a massive hit.  It has nice rich flavour with no nasty after taste.
Twenty words?  My title says it all; Decaf that tastes like coffee.  We got a box of Barnie's decaf with our new Bunn and liked it so much that we ordered a bunch more through Amazon.
I found Vanilla Cr&egrave;me Liquid Stevia to be a great alternative for sugar and sugar substitutes. It does have a different sweetness taste, which may take a few tries to get used to. I have been using it for over a year in my coffee, and am still pleased with the taste. Amazon's pricing is fantastic on this item, for the health food store was charging $14 per bottle. I look forward to trying some of the other flavors since I have enjoyed this one so much!
This product is very delicious and two cups can be made from a K-Cup because of its boldness. The price is very reasonable for 50 of the K-Cups too!Verne Quick Southern California, U.S.A.Coffee People Bold Black Tiger Dark Roast Coffee, K-Cups for Keurig Brewers, 25-Count Boxes (Pack of 2)
To begin, disregard the low ratings for this item given by other reviewers. 1: they are not reflective of the coffee as a product, and 2: the issue was obviously a market-wide increase in price as I cannot find any site or retailer that sells them for the prices they claim.As far as the coffee, I am very pleased with it. I can be very picky with my coffee and took a gamble by ordering this specifically instead of a variety pack, luckily I was not disappointed. It tastes distinctly of coffee without being harsh, even when there is plenty of cream and sugar. A common problem I have with stronger coffees is an acidic aftertaste that persists unless I eat something or try to wash it down, but  I have not had any issues with this and I am nearly through my first pack.I can't speak for other blends from Coffee People, but I honestly can't see myself wanting to. Black Tiger is absolutely delicious and just what I like in the morning or when I come home from work. Very satisfied.
I ordered this 35 K-Cup carousel in black for my son and in chrome for my husband. Both arrived in the two days stated and are even nicer in appearance than the photos showed. The carousels both swivel very easily and smoothly. They are the same height as the coffee maker and look really nice on the counter. I would recommend this product to anyone.
Awesome Product! Fast delivery and right on time! The carousel holds all my coffee and looks great righ tbeside my Kuerig coffee maker.
I needed something to hold the little k cups and this works really well. It's sturdy, rotates well, and doesn't take up a lot of counter space. It makes the counter look tidy, and the coffee inviting.
I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT.  I AM SITE IMPAIRED & NOW I CAN FIND MY DIFFERENT COFFEES EASIER.
I am so glad I finally bought a carousel to hold all my K-cups! Previously I just had a box that would hold them all and each time I wanted coffee I would have to dig around the box to find the ones I like. My wife and I have different tastes in coffee and now we can easily find what we are looking for. I was very happy to see that the carousel comes assembled and that it spins freely and very easily. This purchase has saved me counter space, the hassle of digging around a box of K cups, and also looks great! 5 Stars I highly recommend this to organize your coffee and save space.
If the price is too good to believe, well it's not.............  these Shitake are superior to supermarket brands at about half the price (which includes shipping).  Cap sizes are in the 1.25 to 1.75" range and are very uniform in shape.  Trust me, a pound of dried mushrooms is a LOT and at this price you can use them in just about anything; hint, save the soaking water, filter thru a paper towel or coffee filter in a strainer and use like wine, stock or water in soups, braises or reduction sautes.  Great flavor and can be substituted for porcini or cepes when you don't want to break the bank, though they're really best suited to asian dishes.  The reason they're so much cheaper is that they're cultivated where porcini/ceps are gathered in the wild; kind of like the difference between wild salmon and farm raised.10/28/11Please be advised that this product may or may not be the same as I purchased at the time of my review.  The vendor is entirely different and I have no confidence the product is from the same source or is in any way similar other than  by weight. I also question amazon's policy of using my review to promote a different vendor and likely different sourced product from that which I shared my experience with.*************After I posted the above revision amazon added back in the original vendor which I had experience with.  I don't know if this was coincidental or a result of my additional comment, but to ensure this doesn't become a continual issue, let me state that my purchase was made from JR Mushrooms & Specialties and that I stand by the review of the product they provided.  Any other vendor is likely to source this product differently and therefore my review should only be considered when purchasing from JR.
I love it I highly recommend buying is coffee because it is 1 of the better coffee and come from a person who drink a lot of coffee such as eight o clock gevalia starbuck etc.
Very happy with this Caribou K-cup.  It's exactly what its supposed to be...with just right amount of coffee flavor and aroma.  (I like smooth light-to-medium coffee with no acid taste)
I tried lots of these coffees and I like this the best- some are too strong, some little flavor, but this one is great.  Finally
If one loves chocolate, this works great in a very low carb diet instead of sugar laden cake one can buy. I use 1 1/2 of the enclosed measuring spoon full of it and add very little water to it. Have it with my afternoon coffee like a small bowl of chocolate. My cravings for sweets have vanished. (1) Have taken the glamor out of chocolate. (2) Have made it practical. (3) In spite of being near the fridge all day working from home, I restrained myself to looking forward to this one dessert once a day. Now I'm used to it and feeling in charge.
This coffee does not have a bite like other brands and is the best tasting coffee I have found in my travels.  I can only get it here now since all the stores I did get it have quit handling it.  Their loss of my business.  Stores complain about losing business to the net, they should carry the products we like.
My wife and I are both long time coffee drinkers, and espresso is one of our favorites. We decided to try this coffee after reading the great reviews it was getting. We hoped it would be half as decent as people reported, but I must say we were happily surprised at how good these beans actually are. The espresso we brew (using an old-fashioned stove-top espresso maker) has a rich, flavorful aroma and taste. I will not attempt to describe it - you have to try it yourself - other than by saying that this has become our espresso coffee for as long as the beans are available. Oh, and it is a fair trade coffee, which seems to me like be a wonderful way to explain why it is so good!
simply the best espresso coffee i have drank,came from these beans!! i have tryed other brands of espresso beans and none can compare to these!! these beans arrived in well sealed bags! they were very fresh! i love the smell these make when brewing! the taste is unbeatable! i will buy again SOON,
I have been drinking this for years mixed in when I make instant coffee to ameliorate the "instant" taste and drink it stand alone lots of times also.  There ARE richer, creamier, better tasting cocoas out there but I like this stuff and you can't beat the price and the convenience of just adding hot water instead of milk. Its outstanding to carry when camping- light weight and pretty secure in its little bags.
We use a tsp. of this in our coffee each morning.  I cannot buy it in the store where I live anymore.  I was so grateful to find in on Amazon and it was so easy to order and have delivered to my front door.  Try it you will like it.
My husband and I are not big coffee drinkers. We find in the morning it is much needed, but......ONLY IF......we have this NESTLE FAT FREE cocoa powder mix as the sweetner. We don't use creamer, milk, or sugar, but love this as the sweetner. We are both watching our weight and find this wonderful as it has very few calories, low sugar, and no fat. If you haven't tried it in coffee, you really should. Our local grocery store we shop had not had it for a few weeks. I was almost out, and couldn't find it. I went on line to Amazon, and not only found it, but found it in the canister, and cheaper than buying all the individual packets. We like this better because you can scoop and measure easier. I would highly recommend this product, just save some for me. Can't live without it now! I'm hooked! Hope you enjoy too.Sonya Hamilton
I was surprised just how pleasing this coffee was beyond my regular brands. It's strong, but not too edgy, full of aroma and good taste and definitely something I'll be getting again.
I love dark roast coffee. There is nothing better than the smell, feel, and flavor of a good dark roast. Unfortunately, a lot of places thing "dark" means "burnt". After I've had some bad "dark" roast coffee, it is nice to have something a little mellower. Melitta Cafe Collection Blanc et Noir fills in nicely for those times.The flavor is not light roast, or dark roast. I wouldn't even really say it is somewhere in between. It is definitely not a "Medium Roast" like the Maxwell house some reviewers have likened it to.While this will not be replacing my dark roast anytime soon, Melitta Cafe Collection Blanc et Noir has earned its place in my pantry for those times when I just want something different. Not light, not dark, but somehow both.
I like a smooth rich cup of coffee.  The Melita Blanc et Noir delivers.  It's one of the best ground coffees that I've purchased and is easily comparable to coffee from one of the better specialty stores.  The coffee arrived vacuum packed and tightly sealed.  At $0.55 per ounce ($8.80 per pound) it's also competitively priced.Strongly Recommended.
This coffee scored well when compared over a few days use with the coffees we normally use, also premium coffees. First, if you are looking for a great iced coffee, look no further.  This makes the best iced coffee, bar none. Second, my husband and I both like a strong, robust, on the dark side coffee, fine ground and black with no cream or other additions.  The price we pay for this preference is that we often go too far over the edge into bitterness.  This coffee, by blending the light with the dark, gets around this potential bitterness factor better than any coffee we've used.  We will be buying this again as right now it is in first place with us.
Myself and everyone who I've given a bag love these - not too sweet with a great dark chocolate & coffee taste.  The price has gone up significantly recently... but will probably still buy another bag sooner or later.
These cookies are served on some airlines. Excellent taste especially with coffee or ice cream; a great treat. They also freeze well and can be eaten frozen or thawed.
This is Green Mountain's response to the Coffee People's Donut Shop coffee.  Many people actually confuse the two which isn't difficult to do: donut house and donut shop -- both are extra bold in flavor, and both are excellent.  Since Donut Shop is my favorite, I decided to conduct a taste test between these two rivals.  Side to side they are very similar, very little acid taste, no bitterness which is what I look for in an extra bold roast.  Head to head Donut Shop edged this coffee, Donut House, out by the slightest of margin.  Donut Shop had slightly more body to it but frankly, it took me drinking a half cup of each before I could declare a winner.  This is why I also think this is a 5 star coffee -- excellent choice if you want a simple, great tasting cup of coffee that you will not get sick of.
My husband is a very picky coffee drinker. He actually uses a peculator and brews his coffee on the stove most days (from 8 O'Clock fresh ground beans). He produces outstanding coffee, but it takes a lot of time and energy on a work morning for me. I love the Keurig he purchased me for Christmas. He has never found decaf beans he likes, and even in Starbucks or other coffee houses, hates decaf. He actually likes this decaf a lot. It is our favorite k cup thus far.
...like many people, I have soft spot for Dunkin' Donuts coffee, which can take the edge of a morning commute or the start of a long road trip. While I was happy when DD recently introduced their own K-Cup varieties, the only place you can get them is in DD stores.Donut House clearly gets the popularity of DD's freshly brewed coffee, which is richly flavored without being overpowered. They tapped into that need with their Light Roast version, which has has much wider availability that the venerable DD store brand.Check prices in brick and mortar stores (especially big box/club stores), where you might be able to do a little better (IF they have it in stock).This is by far the favorite K-cup choice in our house, which never goes a day without drinking coffee.
THIS WAS A GREAT GIFT TO MYSELF THE COFFEE IS GREAT THE TURN AROUND TIME IS OUTSTANDING THE PRICE IS BETTER THAN MOST PLACES AROUND TOWN.
Strange how I couldn't order this blend from Green Mountain Coffee - They've been out of stock for ages now. So happy to see that it was offered here! I ordered 4 boxes just to be sure not to run out again! The blend is strong yet smooth. No bitterness to it at all. It's my favorite wake up coffee! I am certain if you try it you will love it also!
My husband bought me a case of the Mocha and absolutely love the stuff, I hope Amazon want stop selling it cause Walmart has and I can't find in other grocery stores. I'm not a big coffee drinker but love cappuccino's and now I can have it anytime I want a cup!
I use this to make frappuccino. I don't add sugar or sweetener for the mix is perfect. With just ice and milk blended with Folgers cappuccino, the result is a delicious, creamy smooth taste. This is my daily mid-afternoon drink, a very delightful treat. I have the cappuccino flavor while my husband enjoys the vanilla. We are not coffee drinkers but find this just perfect for us. We find the ones sold at the mall, cafes, etc too strong for us.I discovered the cappuccino flavor is no longer available locally but glad that it's available at Amazon.
We enjoy adding a half of a tablspoon of this product to a cup of decaf instant coffee. Note: We also add a half of a tablespoon of each of the two other Folgers drink mixes to the same cup of coffee. Altogether, it is a very satisfying drink in the morning and evening.
I bought my wife a Keurig machine for Christmas, and she set out to sample the flavors. While some of the flavors come off strange and "chemical-y," the Pumpkin Spice ones are nicely balanced and taste almost natural. Pumpkin coffee fans will not be disappointed.
I just got the machine for Christmas and bought pumpkin spice, regular coffee and apple cider.  This was my favorite and I had to order more already!  Very yummy!
all i have heard since she got a kuerig is why doesn't every one keep pumpkin spice Coffee in the holders. so this is what she got from me and what she gets for Christmas.
A nicely spiced light roast coffee with the aroma and flavor of nutmeg and cinnamon. Warm and cozy for the cooler days of fall. Very good!
DaVinci Gourmet Classic Syrup, Original Hazelnut, 25.4-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 3). This is the same coffee syrup they use here at the coffe shop in the town I live in.
I really liked this coffee, it was just as good as everyone claimed it was.  Strong, bold and flavorful!  I would recommend!
I bought about 5 different kinds of K-cups when I first got my coffee maker, which I love by the way, and I'd have to say that this was my favorite one out of them all. It has the perfect balance of everything, I was really surprised.
I drink a lot of smoothies, and this is outstanding in a fresh pineapple smoothie. Just like a Pina colada! Delicious. Doesn't even sound good in coffee, so haven't tried that. But over greek yogurt is also good. Be creative!
I am not a coffee or tea drinker. I love hot chocolate and the flavors are great, especially in early morning.
Not much to say other than that this is a really good tasting coconut syrup for iced mochas and I imagine lots of other things as well.  A little goes a long way and I recommend reading their little instruction pamphlet that lets you know how many pumps to use for different kinds of drinks.  I also noticed it has considerably less calories per pump than similar syrups but the same amount of flavor without tasting wierd or chemically so that is a big bonus for those of us watching our weight who still want to enjoy our summer iced coffee drinks. ;-)  I will definitely be ordering other flavors from this company in the future especially when it comes time for Fall and those pumpkin spice latte's! :-)  Very happy with quick delivery, large bottle size and great service, really nice informative brochure in the box as well.  2 thumbs up!
This is a great product. I love lavender white mochas, but the cafe I go to that used to make them quit carrying the syrup. All I have to do now is add a couple pumps of this syrup to a plain white mocha, and I get exactly what I want. Best of all, I can adjust the amount of lavender flavor I want.  I also plan to use this in some cakes during this upcoming holiday season.Some more details: It is about the same consistency as other syrups you can buy to add to coffee. It is definitely on the thin side--don't expect it to be like pancake syrup; the consistency is more like real maple syrup. I bought the pump to go along with it since I knew I would want it eventually, and the shipping was cheaper if I went ahead and got the pump with the syrup. I don't know if other pumps would fit on the bottle, but the Monin brand one fits perfectly. It will make the height of the bottle much taller; I keep mine on my wine bar, which doesn't have a top. It wouldn't fit easily inside a standard cabinet. But if you like lavender, it's worth finding a place for it in your kitchen!
After reviewing the other reviews I took a chance and ordered this directly from Amazon.I am also not a fan of decaf and was worried about how many decafs I would receive in my order.Only 2 of the 35 were decaf so as the title states I got the luck of the draw. The rest were all coffee and only four were labeled "iced coffee" versus coffee or cappuccino.It gave me a nice variety in an easy to open cardboard box. It gives me a nice variety of two of each item with the exception of "Island Coconut" where I received three of them which is ok.The box has an expiration date of 12/21/2012 which is fine as I'll easily drink 35 cups between now and then.I hope others have the same luck.
Alough there are quite a few negative reviews it seems the company has taken the consumer's advice and improved on the product. Just opened my box (yes box, not a bag as some older reviews stated) and it was like Christmas in October! 23 different flavors with 35 k-cups total, more variety than I've found anywhere else (especially for such a reasonable price). Some of the flavors I recieved were: mudslide, caramel vanilla cream, mild mtn blueberry, mocha nut fudge, chocolate glazed donut, kahlua original, pumpkin spice, vanilla skyline, butter toffee, island coconut, and maple sleigh. There were also some basics like french vanilla, hazelnut, etc. along with a couple(2) decaf (yes, decaf, it is called a VARIETY pack after all), and a couple(2) cappuccino k-cups. All in all, this is a fantastic way to try a wide variety of flavored coffees without spending a small fortune. Buy it, you know you want to :) Cheers!
The sampler package was a great way to try new coffees with our having to buy them in bulk! Liked all of the coffee's, but found there were some I absolutely LOVED!
Unlike other reviewers, all 35 K-cups I received were flavored coffee.  It was such a great deal at warehouse deals I was willing to take the chance despite the mixed reviews.  I received no more than two of each.  Here is what my package contained...Donut House Cinnamon Roll (2)Donut House Chocolate Glazed Donut (2)Timothy's Kahlua (2)Gloria Jeans Butter Toffee (2)Gloria Jeans Mudslide (2)Gloria Jeans French Vanilla Supreme (2)Gloria Jeans Hazelnut (1)Green Mountain Southern Pecan (2)Green Mountain Mocha Nut Fudge (2)Green Mountain Wild Mountain Blueberry (2)Green Mountain Gingeread (2)Green Mountain Spicy Eggnog (2)Green Mountain Pumpkin Spice (2)Green Mountain Caramel Vanilla Cream (1)Green Mountain French Vanilla (1)Green Mountain Hazelnut (1)Wofgang Puck Jamaica Me Crazy (2)Wofgang Puck Hawaiian Hazelnut (2)Wofgang Puck Creme Caramel (2)Wofgang Puck Vanilla Francaise (1)Great way to try new flavors!  Can't wait to try more Crazy Cups Assortments!  They do arrive loose in a box, but no damage was noted to any of my K-cups.  I will just be throwing them in my desk drawer anyway, so packaging doesn't matter to me!
After reading many reviews about this product I was quite hesitant on buying it...I usually will not purchase a product with so many negative reviews. I decided to take a chance because I really wanted to try different flavors without buying  full boxes of each . I was pleasantly surprised with the selection....I didn't have more than two of any flavor, although there were serveral different brands  of French vanilla and hazelnut I didn't mind because I am sure they taste different.  Below  is a list of the kcups I received:GREEN  MOUNTAIN COFFEE2 spicy eggnog2 gingerbread2pumpkin spice2 mocha nut fudge2 caramel vanilla2 southern pecan1 hazelnut  noisette1 French vanilla2 wild blueberryDONUT HOUSE2 cinnamon roll2 chocolate glazed donutGLORIA JEAN2 French vanilla supreme2 butter toffeeGROVE SQUARE1 caramel cappuccinoWOLF GANG PUCK1 vanilla francaase2 creme caramelOTHERS2 Kahlua2 Jamaica me crazy2 Hawaiian hazelnutThis is a great product and I hope this review was helpful ( it's my first one)
I purchased the Lavazza Gran Crema Espresso because to use in my espresso machine.  It worked great - it makes a perfect espresso is delicious - especially for cappuccino and using pods are a lot cleaner than using ground coffee.
Ever since my wife bought some whole-bean Raven's Brew Deadman's Reach a few years ago from a specialty shop in NYC I've been hooked on all their roasts and varieties.  I've been buying Raven's Brew coffees through their website for years now, and although it's not cheap (especially with shipping from the west coast) it's well worth the price.  Leave your Starblech's behind: Deadman's Reach is easily the best coffee I've ever had - smooth, silky, and full-bodied.  A French-pressed cup (or two) in the morning starts any day off right.  Thirsty now...off to grind some beans and make some Deadman's Reach!
Tea taste great and I have lost weight! I drink it instead of my regular coffee. It doesn't give a big boost of energy like coffee but it keeps my up and going for the day. I lost 6 lbs in the first month without working out. Now that I do work out I see more pounds coming off. Love it, Love it!!
A nice rich and flavorful coffee. It has all the bang of the higher priced gourmet coffee but at a fraction of the cost.
I strolled into Coffee Bean last year and discovered this tea!  I've tried so many versions of tropical passion tea and nothing comes close to this tea!  It's so delicious and soothing!  It tastes great as a hot tea or ice tea!  And now I'm so glad that Amazon sells this online.  I love the fact that I can get my favorite tea at home without spending $$ at the coffee shop.  ;)Thanks for selling it on Amazon!
I decided to try this coffee and went with subscribe and save to get a discount. I figured I could always cancel if I didn't like it. Well I love it. My only problem is that I run out of it before the next month's supply gets in. It's bold and strong, so if you like that in your coffee flavor, this is for you. Reminds me a bit of a starbucks type of coffee. I Loved It.
With the high cost of K-cups I've tried several different alternatives.  I have the My K cup and the Eco-cup and they both work ok but just not great.  The 3 adults in our home all love coffee and drink lots of it so the cost was getting to be a problem.I've compared K cup prices everywhere, online and brick and mortar stores.  I usually purchase from Amazon.Was checking out what was available and ran across these.  I love the Millstone Fog Lifter coffee so I was interested but read the review and found that they were made differently.  I hesitated but decided to try the 36 ct box.  I figured if I didn't like them somebody else might.  Was still skeptical and thought it might not work in my Keurig.Works perfectly!  The Fog Chaser is delicious.  I like bold coffee and this is good strong but not bitter coffee.  I highly recommend it and others love it too.  We have a Keurig at work and I took one of the bags and shared.  Everybody loved it.  Also, though I'm not usually into "being green" particularly I feel that there is less plastic to end up in the landfills.
This coffee is very smooth and I love the taste!  It was my first time purchasing and was hesitant about purchasing such a large amount since I had never personally tasted the coffee but I was very happy with the taste and will be ordering more!
My husband and son love this coffee.  Great value....and the free shipping really helps too....Have used other San Fransico products and they are all awesome...
We've been buying San Francisco Bay Coffee French Roast in whole bean packages at a warehouse store for years, mostly because it was less expensive than the better known brands. To our surprise, we like its bold flavor better than the other brands. I always thought higher prices meant better tasting coffee. Not true! When we bought a Keurig coffee machine last January, I was resigned to trading a taste I prefer and an outstanding value, for the single cup convenience of the K-cups, which meant buying the more expensive brands of coffee in K-cups. Fortunately, the SFB Coffee people have made a single serving cup which fits in Keurig machines. It has the same flat, round top as K-cups, but the cup portion is a mesh filter cup, not made of plastic as with a K-cup. The SFBC cups work just as well in your Keurig machine and with less waste. I take a 16-oz. travel mug to work each morning, and I find the flavor to be consistent whether I make 8 ounces or 16 ounces. My sister-in-law's husband calls himself a coffee snob. He tried the SFBC French Roast for the first time today and was blown away by its rich flavor. He's now a believer and has ordered his first case.
Because these K-cups are made a little differently, I was skeptical of just how the coffee would taste.  I ordered both the French Roast and Fog Chaser and if you like your coffee to have a robust flavor, you will like both of these.  I have now ordered the larger 80 count boxes of each.
I was surprised when I saw the "kups", but I had nothing to be concerned about.  The little bags of coffee are very sturdy and the coffee is very good.  In fact the coffee is stronger than the other kups,  I much prefer these bags.  And monthly delivery is perfect.
Ok so you know the pack is smaller... but dont get too dissapointed it is a strong cup of coffee  will make you go for a while befor you will want anther 1 i am a fan.
We love this coffee. It is all we buy now. BUT we can get it at Walmart in these 11oz bags for $4.78. The Amazon price is about double that.
These dark chocolate oranges are the best ever. Once separated, you can limit yourself to one slice, but more likely, you'll have another. Smooth and savory, these are excellent with coffee after dinner, or a little Grand Marnier! We get these every year for Christmas. They arrived just as promised and some even made it out of the house as gifts...
The smell in the single serve package is a little off putting, but I suspect that that's because it is actually the smell of good, organic coffee. Even brewing, the smell is a bit sharp, but that first cup is...Wow...I was shocked drinking it, actually. The flavor was not too terribly robust, but not so weak as to be merely coffee-flavored water. Indeed, the flavor is one which is almost minty, but not overbearingly so. I love my dark, robust coffee (the dark the better) in the mornings when I would rather climb under the bed. This coffee, however, seems to be one that I can drink with just about anything thing, at any time.As a matter of fact, I'm going to have other cup now.If you are looking for a fair trade, organic coffee that doesn't taste like it, but will add flavor to your morning without tons of sugar and non-dairy dairy creamer. This is a coffee I could drink without that stuff.Good stuff!
I am always looking for ways to buy Fair Trade items and I found this coffee to be an excellent product as well respectful to the environment and to workers.  This was an excellent find.
The packaging, the box as well as the individual pods, is attractive to the point where it would make a great gift for any coffee drinker and especially a coffee drinking Bob Marley fan.  I liked the coffee, it smelled and tasted very good and the individually sealed pods assure long term freshness.  The pods appear to be made of high quality unbleached paper and it is strong enough to not tear or break open when saturated with hot water.  I do not own a single serve drip coffee maker so my first try was to open four pods and pour the coffee into my four cup basket and filter.  This worked well.  Then I thought I'd try something different the next time and placed four pods into my coffee maker basket.  This resulted in an entirely too weak brew.  But my experiment led me to discover the best method for using the handy little pods when no one cup maker is available.  When I saw that I had a pot of hot weak coffee I took the pods out of the basket and dropped them into the hot coffee.  I let them sit and steep for a while then plucked each pod out, squeezed, and discarded.  Now I had a good brew, as good as my first.  From then on when I use these pods I place one pod with about 8 oz of distilled water in a ten ounce mug and heat it good and hot in the microwave.  Remove from microwave and cover to retain heat while it brews.  Then squeeze out and discard the pod (they are so easy to deal with compared to loose wet grounds) and you have yourself a great cup of coffee.  All said I am enjoying this coffee as something new to me but I still prefer mu old standby, 100% Colombian.
When we got this coffee my wife promptly told me she would make if for us the following morning.  She did, and it was one of the best tasting cups of coffee I had ever tasted.  I'm not a coffee addict or a person who would be able to notice much of a difference between a good Starbucks coffee and a cup of Maxwell House, but I certainly noticed how wonderful this coffee was. Great aroma and a full, rich taste!!!  The following morning I was looking forward to another cup of this coffee..... the first thing I notcied was the aroma was different.  Then, as I tasted the coffee I immediately told my wife it didn't taste the same a the previous day.  It was then that she admitted to me that the Marley coffee was too good to waste on my unappreciative taste buds.  She was keeping it for herself.  This coffee is very good.  I'll be buying some more of this just for me and I obviously recommend it.
Just reordered this product after first ordering over 2 years ago.  12 bottles takes some time to use -- but there was no deterioration in product quality and the 500 ct. bottle meant unsealed bottles didn't have to be open for months on end.  Many people don't like saccharin because they feel it has an aftertaste.  I find that it is more about the quantity you use.  Most toothpaste is saccharin sweetened but I don't hear people complain about the aftertaste of their toothpaste, probably because the toothpaste manufacturers don't overdo it with the saccharin.  This product works great for sweetening tea and coffee among other beverages. One 1/4 grain tablet is like 1 teaspoon of sugar in sweetness. If you need to sweeten a 1/2 gallon or a gallon of something, adding pellets is way easier than opening a bunch of little packets or even spooning out some other sweetener.  Just pour pellets into the bottle cap and count what you need. For whatever reason, it (any saccharin sweetener) does NOT go well with Kool-Aid brand soft drink mix. It does mix well with Wyler's and Flavor Aid.  For my tastes, I find that 20 of the 1/4 grain pellets sweetens a 2 quart soft-drink packet very well.  If you really feel like you're still getting aftertaste, try 16 pellets and two packets of Splenda.  You can always add more of either NectaSweet or Splenda if you prefer it sweeter. When adding directly to already chilled beverages, give the pellets a minute to dissolve and then stir well.
The only thing I use in my morning coffee!  I was having trouble finding this in at the grocery stores. Seems Equal, Sweet & Low, etc. are squeezing out the old reliables.  I was so happy I found this at Amazon.
This is some great coffee.The grind is a little course for drip coffee makers but I usually brew it in a french press.
This tea is amazing. It tastes so good I switched from coffee to Teavana's tea. I feel lost with out a cup in the morning and a couple more throughout the day. The teavana travel mug is worth the $$$ invest and you will have delicious warm tea with you all day.
This is a great treat for the Fall and Winter months hunting, camping or just snuggling up to watch a movie. The cinnamon is not too overpowering with the chocolate and has a rich cocoa flavor. My wife drinks it as an alternative to coffee so she can sleep at night.
Anna's Ginger Thins are so good that, once we discovered them, we started buying them by the case!  These cookies have a wonderful ginger taste and they go great with hot tea or coffee.  They are very thin, as the name implies, so they are easy to bite into and they almost dissolve in your mouth. If you like ginger snaps or ginger cookies of any sort, you owe it to yourself to try Anna's Ginger Thins.  You will love them, and your guests, if they are lucky enough to have you share them, will rave about the great cookies you serve with your tea or coffee.  Buy some and enjoy!
This product adds a delicate peach flavoring to coffees, baked items and especially frosting.  My family loves fresh peaches and I was afraid they would find the syrup too artifical but they loved it!
This coffee has been around for so many centuries. If you are not from Europe and don't know how to taste the good coffee, then you don't know what you're missing.
Timothy's world coffee Mocha Java is the best blend of smoothness and boldness I have yet found in a k-cup. I have always enjoyed Mocha Java and often buy whole beans and grind for use in the k-cup reusable filter but these are close enough to allow me get a good cup of coffee for my commute without having to grind.Definitely recommend to anyone who likes a smooth bolder coffee.
First of all, yes, it is expensive.  Though currently at $59.99 for a 54 ct, the price is not part of my review.  I'm sure it'll come down eventually.I've been drinking Pike Place for 10+ years now.  As soon as I got my Keurig, I started looking for a suitable replacement blend.  Although there are plenty of fine K-cups to be found, none quite fit the bill.  I ended up just grinding my own Pike Place and brewing it with a Solofill, which was not ideal for two reasons; 1.  The Solofill does not have enough capacity to get the full flavor.  2.  I'm lazy and this defeats the purpose of a Keurig brewer in the first place.There is a reason that Pike Place put Starbucks on the map nearly 40 years ago.  It is THE perfect medium blend.  There is plenty of flavor for dark coffee drinkers to enjoy, and is not too rich or 'burnt' for light coffee drinkers.  It's bright, but not too bright.Does the K-cup version do it justice?  Yes.  Everything I mentioned above is in this little cup.  I just got home with these an hour ago, and 3 cups later, I can honestly say my prayers have been answered.You know what?  Even at $59.99, this review would be 5 stars.  It's that good.
They serve this in the cafeteria where I work.  They make it thus:  fill a cup with ice.  Pour iced coffee into the cup.  Put the ice and coffee into a blender, and add two scoops of the Lite Mocha Mix.  Blend well.Delicious, and under 200 calories -- compared to 400+ calories for the non-Lite versions.
I bought some Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee while in Jamaica a few years back and loved it, but could never bring myself to pay $40/lb for it!  My daughter bought this blend for me and i really liked it!  Although it isn't quite like the true Jamaican Blue Mountain, it is close! And much less expensive!  This is all I drink now!
A very delicious treat for all our party guest who asked for more. Serve with coffee, ice cream or just by itself. Easy to get through the Amazon connection.
Found this product in my grocery store, but they, HEB, quit carrying it.I am so glad they carried it since I had been looking for an artificial sweetner.  All artificial sweetners give you diaherra (sp?).  This one doesn't.I have never baked with it, but use it for iced teas and coffee in the morning.It tastes just like sugar and is wonderful.I had to email the company to find out where I could buy it again.  Thank goodness you can buy it from amazon.  I pray that they keep producing it since there is no where else to go for a product this good.Maybe the company could try Whole Foods.
WOW !  I found myself "tasting" a sugar cookie with vanilla frosting.  The vanilla flavor is genuine and truly delicious,the color is pretty as well.  After the second cup, I believe that I can make the switch from coffee to tea.  Celestial Seasonings have outdone themselves !
My husband uses this sugar since he is a diabetic.  He likes it in his coffee and tea.  It dissolves easy.  It is better than using anything that isn't aspartame.
Having tried many decaf k cups, this is by far the best, this coffee delivers rich bold taste, only thing close is tullys french roast, but given the choice go with Emeril, BAM,BAM,BAM
Emeril's Jazzed-Up Decaf is the reason I bought my Keurig coffee maker!  I tasted the coffee when getting a haircut and knew I wanted to drink it often.  Since I must drink decaf, why not enjoy it?
I was intrigued by the name of the coffee, and it lives up to the hype.  I enjoy it both hot and over ice, and it fulfills both requirements nicely.  Price, free shipping, and being decaf are also a bonus.
Like most coffee drinkers, I know Kona is a special coffee bean, and this brand offers great taste. At my local coffee shop, I often pick Kona when it is offered as the flavor of the day. While the coffee shop Kona is better than an average coffee, it did not seem to be anything special, and I could guess they do not sell true Kona, but a blend.  So I decided to try a true 100% Kona and picked Hawaiian Roasters.  I am very happy with this purchase---might be the best coffee I have ever had.  The flavor is strong and there is no after-taste issue.  I picked the medium roast and I plan to try the dark roast next.
I have tried a few coconut oils and this is by far my favorite. It has a light coconut flavor that give a tropical touch to my coffee. I use coconut oil for most of my cooking and this brand makes the food taste so bright and flavorful with no coconut taste (except for eggs. It makes eggs taste a little funny). I put it in my kefir smoothies for my kids and it sweetens the smoothies just a tad. I have been buying this oil for years so I was thrilled to find it here at a cheaper price than I can get it locally.
I've always bought Emeril's Jazzed up decaf from Amazon (two twentyfour packs for around $24.00). My last order, when I received it, was one twentyfour count box for $27.00. I went back and looked and found that it came from one of Amazons suppliers. I realized that I must of picked the wrong Emerils jazzed up decafs, but wait, there is only one Emeril's jazzed up decaf. I see, Amazon has multiple sellars selling the same thing (but at way different prices). So in my haste to odered my coffee, I picked the wrong vendor. Now this is where I get rubbed the wrong way. Why does Amazon represent all of these different sellers at higher prices than what they themselves sell it for? I returned the coffee and was charged a shipping fee. I told them at that time, if they charged me return freight they would lose a k-cup customer. They did and they have. I placed a $100.00 order for coffee at Kuerig direct and got free shipping. Amazons loss is Kuerigs gain.
I waited until I had company and tried it out on them-----they loved it--it had the strength of real coffee and not the caffine.  I will reorder Emeril's Jazzed Up Decaf.It was a great find.BA
This review is going to get posted in 6 places, as I'm indicating my preferences for 6 different coffees. If you like one, maybe you will like the other.Regarding coffee, I like strong and smooth.  I don't like French roast as I find it too harsh, but I do like Italian roast.  Kona is great and I like Hazelnut, Vanilla and Chocolate flavors.I drink my coffee with probably too much (at least 2-3 creamer containers worth to a 12 oz cup coffee) of evaporated milk in it or plain non-dairy creamer. No sugar.That being said...my favorite coffees are:Green Mountain Hazelnut Dark Roast Extra BoldEmeril's Big Easy Bold CoffeeNewman's Own Extra BoldTully's Coffee Kona Blend Extra BoldFolger's Gourmet Vanilla Biscottiand a special mention forTimothy's World Coffee German Chocolate Cake - It has an almost coco-nutty taste to it. Not the deep chocolate taste I was looking for, but the best I have found so far. Please if you can suggest a Dark Chocolate Flavor coffee to me; do so.Also since I have posted a review about a Senseo coffee and now clearly have switched to Keurig a bit about why... if you're interested..which why I put it last.  Feel free to ignore it.We decided to get a Keurig coffee maker after enjoying the Senseo system for over 3 years.Please note, since we got the Senseo system essentially free, not much thought was put into it's purchase. However it did introduce us to single serving coffee systems.We switched to the Keurig system from the Senseo for several reasons.1. Local availability of coffee. For some reason the Senseo system was waning here at the Rochester NY grocery stores and what good is a coffee maker without coffee?  Yes, you can buy online, but sometimes when your planning isn't the best, you might run out. What coffee they did carry was limited and not our preferences.2. Online purchases of Senseo coffees  were either for 4 bags of 16-18 of one variety or 4 bags of a mix of coffees. Invariably there was a few you didn't like.  I never saw small quantities of 5 or so.3. The Senseo "duck" for filling  with your own coffee never worked for us.  I'm an engineer and my boyfriend is an inspector. We literally did controlled experiments to get this to work and never could. Maybe we had a faulty unit, but based on reviews here, we were in good company. I knew many that had luck with the Keurig system however and we did as well.4. Once you open a bag of Senseo pods, they are starting to go stale, by virtue of being open to air. The Keurig system's coffees remain sealed and you can have many flavors "open" at once. Yes for those of you that are "green" there is more plastic waste. However I'm being selfish here and am being more concerned with the green in my pocket and fresh coffee.
One of the better K Cup Coffees.Not sharp and bitter like some extra-bold K Cup Coffees.So far my favorite.
I've been drinking Tully's French roast for years as my favorite and I've tried just about everything. Last week my Keurig coffee pot broke and samples came with the new one. One of the samples was the Tully's Kona.I wasn't expecting much, but the rich flavor really surprised me.I'll confess that I don't know what Kona is 'supposed' to taste like, but whatever this is, I like it very much.I've now ordered more and I expect this to be my new favorite for a very long time.
I've been drinking Emeril's Bold for a year and a half, and wanted to try something different. A review led me to this brand, and I love it too! I'm a strong coffee gal-- I like Starbuck's-- so this is right up my alley.
Love this coffee!! Lives up to it's name. Great for Monday mornings :-). There isn't a caffeine drop either - nice smooth "landing".  I'm glad I can buy it in bulk.
Dark roast with no bitterness. My husband likes Jet Fuel as his daily coffee. We will be buying more of this coffee.
Needed a strong coffee for the iced coffee I love to make, something that wouldn't taste weak loaded with ice, and this is it.  Wonderful rich flavor, even in a cup of ice.
This coffee is a medium roast with a flavor close to Starbuck's  Pike Roast, but about 40% cheaper.  We are on our 3rd box of 50.  It arrives in about 2 days.
I drink a cup of Jet Fuel every morning. I have found that this has the perfect amount of caffeine. I drink a cup of this and a cup of standard coffee (Starbucks) every day. Jet fuel does a great job waking me up without giving me the shakes however, I have found that if I drink more than 1 cup, I do get a little jittery. I've been drinking this stuff since day one of my Keurig purchase and I will continue to order it. I love bold coffees and this fits right in there. I recommend this to anyone looking for a full roast bold tasting coffee.
Strong and delicious. I love coffee and this is some yummy stuff. It is sort of bitter but will get you going in a hurry!
I love Jet Fuel! It gives me the extra KICK i need in the morning. It's a good, strong cup of coffee without having that "star-bucks" bitterness. Absolutely wonderful. I buy it all the time and recommend others to do the same. I just wish it came in bigger boxes.
There are a few coffees I order over and over, Jet Fuel is one of them.  Not only do I love the dark rich coffee flavor, but I love the price and convenience of ordering in the 50 pack.  This is my day to day coffee.
This coffee exceeded all my expectations. My husband and I both love this coffee and definitely plan on purchasing more when we run out. We would definitely recommend this coffee to family members and friends.
We normally drink treehugger by coffee people in the office.  I purchased this one to try with the order and the office really enjoyed it. The coffee is really similar to the taste of tree hugger; the office has added this one as a favorite.  Not bitter and very smooth finish.  Excellent coffee for an excellent price as these are 50 cup packs which is a great price and perfect packaging.  Thanks to amazon for continuing to expand their offerings.  Yum Yum.
If you like your coffee strong and bold this is for you . I think its better then other k cups I tryed so farthe best price I found was at amazon
I usually don't like bold coffee. I tried this, and it isn't bitter. It gives a punch of energy, but not too much that you get the jitters. I recommend this coffee.
I found this by trial and error.  I love dark roast, rich, strong coffee.  this is the perfect cup of coffee for me.  I have tried many others, but this is the one I keep returning to.  I do the subscribe and save and have been very happy with the cost of this product.  Beware, this is not a weak cup of coffee, it is definitely "jet fuel" and will wake you up with the first cup!
This is very strong coffee but in the best way.  Clean, powerful, and deep but not at all bitter.If you like Folgers you won't like this one and the other way around!!
This is an afternoon pleaser.  I prefer brewing the larger sized cup.  Reminds me of Starbucks coffee.  I find it to be full-bodied, tasty, and, most importantly, packing a punch.  This is the medicine the Doctor ordered for the afternoon drowsies.  When you order be sure to sign up for subscribe and save to save an additional 15%.  You can always turn it off later.  Enjoy!
I'm drinking a cup as i write this and this is one terrific coffee!  If you like the strong, burnt tasting coffees, you'll love this.
If you love strong coffee with good rich, full flavor, then Jet Fuel is one you should try!  I have also found that I like it a little weaker sometimes.  I brew it on the large mug setting, lift & lower the lever, and brew another large mug.  The second brew comes out brown in the mug like the first.  This method gives me a 20-ounce travel mug of delicious coffee, tamed down just a bit.  :-)  And if you order with "Subscribe and Save," you'll get this coffee at $0.36 per K-Cup!  What's not to love about that?!
Excellent coffee, perfect cup everytime. If you enjoy a good full flavored cup of coffee this is at the top of the list, no bitterness.  Coffee is delivered monthly though Amazon and always on time. Customer service has always been excellent,to say the least.  This product and process of delivery deserve a lot of praise.
Hey chocolate lovers!!!! Godiva Chocolate Truffle coffee is by far the BEST coffee to wake up to every morning...It's silky, smooth, chocolate taste makes you feel like you are having a chocolate treat for breakfast!!! ENJOY...MY favorite EVER!!!!
After I'd discovered this coffee--been drinking it for 3+ years now--I was thrilled to purchase it from amazon.com with free shipping.....until it became unavailable.  So when I saw it again I was ecstatic!  Hope Amazon can keep it in stock.This is wonderful coffee and guests often ask what brand it is.  Started out drinking Douwe Egberts but this is a little stronger.
A coffee treat. Now that my husband and I drink this coffee, there is no going back to the plain stuff ;).
I have to admit, I'm a hopeless CDM addict and have been for about 35 yrs. When I lived in CA, I'd take an extra suitcase when I went home at Christmas to load up with CDM. When I moved to SA, I drove back for Christmas and loaded the back end of my vehicle. Since Katrina, "home" isn't there anymore. I can buy it at the local grocery store, but only in cans and it's ridiculously priced. I ordered from several different online stores for about 6 yrs, including Amazon, but it was all cans and/or more than I wanted to pay. I have been a subscriber since Amazon started carrying the vacuum packs. Besides being great tasting coffee, it's the only one that doesn't upset my stomach, and I can drink it at midnight and go right to sleep. (only did that once but I was long overdue for my caffeine fix and didn't care if it kept me awake, but it didn't) It IS an acquired taste, however, a lot of it just a matter of figuring out how to brew and "season" it. I never used milk or cream in my coffee until I started drinking CDM in 1977 and I make it like the standard cafe au lait! Yum. Nothing compares. It takes far less CDM to make a great pot of coffee than it does the other coffee and chicory products, and I've tried all of the major brands sold in New Orleans, even the more expensive ones. Pound for pound, dollar for dollar, CDM is THE best and Amazon's price is the best, particularly with subscription.
I like coffee and buy a lot of different brands. This is my first experience with chicory in coffee. I really like it, it's fine as it is but I blend it in with a medium roast coffee and it's great. Lots of flavor, dark color, but not so bitter as what you get in a french roast.Anyhow great price, Amazon comes thru again. I'll buy more when this is done.
We love this coffee and have a hard time finding it where we live. Usually, we either buy it in large quantities when we go back home to South Louisiana. Having it shipped every month is great for us and the price was reasonable. This package is terrific also because we don't have to pay shipping. kf
A hearty, rich, dark coffee, not for those who like a  light, smooth blend. Although my all time favorite  Jeremiah's Pick coffee is the organic breakfast blend whole bean, this is also a great way to start the day. If you don't know Jeremiah's Pick products, they are reasonably priced, excellent coffees that have always arrived at my door very soon after I have placed an order. Check their site for occasional excellent special offers and unusual coffees.
Essentia 9.5 pH Drinking Water is the kind of water I've always heard about, a tasteless beverage. Even when I was a little girl and heard someone say water has no taste I would think, "Yes, it does."I use a Brita Filter system which is fine for making coffee and tea as well as for cooking. But, it does get annoying spending a chunk of my time everyday filling the pitcher so I'm drinking and using water that smells and tastes like it was scooped from a swimming pool with a spritz of this chemical and a splash of that other one. So keeping some bottles of Essentia 9.5 pH in my refrigerator has it ready to go when all I want to drink is a nice, cold glass of water that refreshes without images of the pool at the gym flashing in my mind.Essentia 9.5 pH gives me exactly what I want. A glass of water that leaves me feeling refreshed and hydrated with no aftertaste.
Not fancy, but makes a very decent cup of espresso at a reasonable price.  Good for when you want the coffee taste, but not the caffeine.  Note that these are for use in an ese espresso maker, not a single cup coffee maker.
This is the best hot chocolate we've bought.  No exceptions.  No brand is better and we've tried several.  I bought it first at a grocery store because of the Mannheim Steamroller name.  Didn't realize they were into hot chocolate as well as music.  It turned out to be -- delicious.  When we couldn't find it at the store, I checked on Amazon when I was buying something else.  It is great to round out an order to make $25 for free shipping!  The hot chocolate is made in water not milk.  Sometimes I add a teaspoon or so to my coffee for a little mocha flavor.  This is just the best!!
This is my favorite flavor of coffee for my Keurig.  I like coffee that is a lighter brew, and this is perfect. I was happy to find it at an even lower price here.
One of the best gluten free product I've tried. These Pretzels taste like the real deal! They go very fast at my house, I have to keep them coming. I pack them everyday in my brown bag and snack at them through out my work day. I love how they go with coffee.
Been searching for a few months to find an acceptable coffee substitute since I can't have caffeine anymore.  Decaf coffee is ok but sometimes I still get the jumpies from it, my system doesn't tolerate carob or chocolate, and I was getting tired of tea.  What is a latte lover to do?  Finally found Cafix at my local store and my search was over!!  Yes, it tastes nothing like coffee but it has it's own unique taste - slighty nutty, a little sweet, also is smoother than coffee.  What I love is that it is quick to make, I make it with 1/2 almond milk, 1/2 hot water, microwave for 30 seconds, add a little cinnamon and it's my go-to morning drink.  As a famous commercial used to say "Try it, you'll like it!!"
This is my absolute favorite flavor. I drink my coffee black with nothing added so I am appreciating the true taste. Enjoy!
The taste of Gloria Jean's Butter Toffee Coffee for Keurig is what brings me back to it everytime. There really is a hint of butter toffee. It adds some snazz to my mornings, and it is a great buy through Amazon's Subscribe and Save program. I just wish it was made in decaf.
Perhaps the best K-cup coffee! I have tried a wide variety of cups. I keep coming back to this. I highly suggest you try it!
I've said it before ya got chocolate ya got orange = great treatstime to get the coffee going.  coffee plus treat = happy me.These are great cookies too!
Wonderfully rich and smooth; I will definitely order it again.Try 2 Tablespoons cocoa mixed in a blender with 1 - 1.5 sliced frozenbananas and a cup or so of coffee - fabulous.  Add plain greek yogurtfor some protein and you're set!
I love the idea of using a product to sweeten my coffee and not have to worry about the side effects of processed white sugar. Interesting that Xylitol has even been found to hinder the growth of bacteria that cause tooth decay and in some studies has been proven to actually help strengthen your bones. These packets are crystallized and are an exact one for one replacement for a packet of sugar. You can even use it for baking and cooking in place of sugar, but for that I would recommend buying the 1 or 5 pound bulk pack. It dissolves well and leaves absolutely no after-taste as do some of the questionable chemical sweetener substitutes that have, who knows what, side effects.
Great flavor, good price.  I think they would work in a multitude of machines because of the open filterered bottom-good design.  And  there's  less packaging which is good thing.  The coffee fits in my k cup carousel, it's  little loose, but still works.
I absolutely LOVE this tea! From the minute I first smelled its earthy, nutty scents (with hints of tobacco and leather), I knew it would be a delightful morning tea. I couldn't have been more right. For those who love boldly flavored and earthy teas, this is a must try.As one who has recently given up coffee (got tired of the jitters and crash), I have been searching for teas with bold and robust flavors, like in coffee. I do not exaggerate when I say that this tea has the boldest and most interesting and  complex flavor I've experienced (without the bitterness of many "bold" black teas).Coincidentally, this tea also has nearly as much caffeine as coffee. As with all teas, though, the caffeine absorbs into the bloodstream at a much slower rate, leaving the drinker jitter- and crash-free. (For the curious, this seems due to the fact that the caffeine in tea bonds with the tannins, making it much harder to metabolize.)Thus, this morning mate is not only absolutely delicious for its nutty and earthy, yet smooth, flavor, but is great for concentration and energy. I cannot reccomend it enough, particularly for those looking for boldness from their tea!
Keurig coffee is great just wish they had lattes , hot chocolate and chai tea available like other do. gl
I have long been a fan of the Tully Kona Blend coffee. I was disappointed when my local retailer quit selling Kona products!I actually ordered this house blend by accident, thinking that I was ordering the Kona Blend. I had more than 4 cups of coffee before I noticed on the packaging that it said House Blend instead of Kona Blend. I would not have known that it was not the Kona Blend had I not seen the packaging. One caveat: I make "lattes" by adding an equal amount of steamed milk to my coffee, so the coffee flavor is probably diluted for me.  Someone drinking it straight up may notice a difference in the flavor.My bottom line is that it is much less expensive than the Kona Blend, due to vendor and shipping costs, and it is more than good enough for me.  I've since ordered another box.
I discovered these crackers by accident when we lived in Rhode Island, and I immediately fell in love with the JJ Flats Sesame crackers. Only (1) specialty store in my area carried these crackers (none of the major grocery chains).These delicious crackers are super crunchy and so tasty. They are awesome with peanut butter and other spreads, and one of my favorite breakfast items (with peanut butter especially) along with a cup of great coffee.We moved to another state a few months ago and sadly none of the stores sold this item. I can't imagine why. I was thrilled to find them on AMAZON, and the price was great too. Buying a carton (12 boxes) was not a problem either as they go quickly in our house . EVERYONE LOVES THESE CRACKERS here! Try them and see for yourself.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
I am happy to have ordered this coffee. It is a strong dark coffee with a bold taste. I would recommend this to all people who like coffee, and worry about going decaf.
Finally I have found a decaf coffee that tastes like coffee and not a watered down version of reg coffee. Tastes great, full bodied and no after taste. Even with a little cream and sweetner it still tastes like coffee.
This is the only KCup Decaf that tastes like good coffee. I have tried many other Decafs that tasted like water or nasty dark stuff. Buy this.
I switched to decaf for health reasons.  I love coffee so the switch was difficult for me.  I have to say that this decaf is pretty good.  I've tried other brands (donut shop decaf, etc.) and they aren't as good.  This tastes almost like regular coffee.
I drink decaf when I drink coffee at night and I've settled on this as the best I've tasted. Most of the others were OK and I don't expect a decaf coffee to taste was good as a regular coffee. But, for my taste buds this works.BTW, Tully's Kona is my top regular coffee.
This is a great lightly-flavored coffee to have on hand. For the price it is a nice roast, yummy flavor, and overall a light to medium blend. This is my go-to coffee for breakfast or when we have company over. I prefer a lighter, more flavored coffee; my husband enjoys his a little darker and less flavored. This coffee always seems to please both of us. The vanilla is not over the top. It is light, without the artificial taste. It's just a good coffee and a great value!
I have tried so many different coffees from Keurig.This collection encompasses a full range of coffee selections.From the milder Nantucket Blend to the strongest French Roast.If you have a variety of coffee preferences in your home, as we do here, this collection has something for everyone.If you want flavored coffee, this is not for you, but for a range of regular coffee, this is our household new favorite!
What a great way to make a pure, coffee shop quality coffeee (& tea) each morning! It's clean, simple and so easy.
This is my favorite flavor.  I'm not sure it has the same amount of caffiene as regular coffee, but it's too good not to drink every morning.
wonderful flavors for soda as well as coffee and cacao.  These syrups are not too sweet and the selection is wonderfulThank you
We recently purchased the Green Mountain Decaf French Vanilla K-cups from Amazon. The price was good and the coffee is excellent!  When we need more we will definetly contact Amazon.  The service was great, the price, and the quality of coffee was outstanding.  We didn't wait long for the coffee to arrive either. Everything  was great!
Great tasting coffee. Not too strong, not too weak. One pod sufficient for a morning mug. Cheaper by the subscription.
Best coffee I've ever had. Also the easiest to make.It is getting harder to find in stores.I'm glad to see someone is inteligent enought to still carry it.
I purchased these coffee pods for my one-cup coffee makers.  My clients love the coffee.  It's not too light and not too strong.  Just perfect.  After I open the packet, I keep them in the freezer until I use the pods.  They keep perfectly fresh and aromatic.
Senseo pods are beginning to be difficult to buy locally. With Amazon I get my coffee delivered!Looks like a good deal to me.
Amazon allows me to enjoy my Senseo coffeemaker thoroughly...  Our local stores don't always have the pods, and so the simple and easy way to handle that is to order them from Amazon!!!  It's so easy and convenient, and I can always put a rush on the order...  Thanks for having these pods available...
I use Senseo coffees at least twice a day. We have several flavor and roast varieties. Senseo is a Dutch roast coffee but the pads are made in Belgium. The medium blend is a very good tasting coffee and just right for me. This is the pad we use most often, and when making two cups at a time in the Senseo machine, we combine one medium roast with one decaf pad.... gives us a half-caf cup with great body and flavor.
It's a bag of coffee....it's good coffee (I am partial to Colombian) and the Amazon subscription price is as good as I have been able to find. I don't know why anyone would would drink coffee from the behemoth, Keurig, when a Senseo makes a a crema-laden, absolutely delicious cup of the same...for less than half the price. I am not a coffee snob...I just enjoy (OK...let's be honest, I NEED) coffee...(HATE Starbucks...except for the relatively drinkable breakfast or Pikes Place blends)...otherwise Starbucks is what we used to call "BURNT" coffee in my youth (Started with 1/2 coffee, 1/2 milk in the 2nd grade...today that'd be considered child abuse)....if served a cup of mud like that...we'd send it back. Please google Jackie Mason's hilarious Starbucks rant!
I love this coffee system but finding the pods is becoming more difficult now.  The price is right, the delivery is fast and you can order a case so I always have coffee when I need it.
The Senseo coffee system has been our favorite for sometime now. Great tasting coffee and can make one cup at a time. Purchasing the pods through Amazon is by far the best price we have found. Who doesn't like to save money on the things you would be buying anyway.
HAVE BEEN DRINKING SENSEO COFFEE FOR SEVERAL YEARS AND LOVE IT.  THE AMAZON PRICE IS MUCH CHEAPER THAN THE GROCERY STORE.
Senseo is my favorite coffee and it is increasingly hard to obtain the pods in my area, especially my favorite flavor, Sumatra.  I was pleased to find it available at Amazon at a price less than the Senseo Company website,, with free shipping included.  I am pleased to know that there is a supplier for the coffee that makes it a pleasure to rise each morning.
I've had my Senseo coffee machine for a few years and was very happy to find the pods available online thru Amazon. Two senseo coffee pods is all I need to make the best aromatic, convenient, and economical morning cup of coffee. The automatic ordering available is very efficient. Thanks for this wonderful product. Nancy Thompson
My wife and I have been drinking this for years and love it.  We keep trying all the supposedly "best" coffees from Kona, Africa and Jamaica.  This is still the best, and convenient too.  My wife prefers it without the foam, so we use a Malita brewer, which operates on the same concept, but you kind of have to stuff the pod into the smaller holder.  However, I'm not enthusiastic about the price like the other reviews.  I'm in south Texas and here we pay between $3.09 and $3.89 per bag at the local grocery store (HEB the largest store in our part of the state.)
If you have a Senseo coffeemaker, you already have a favorite pod flavor - ours is Dark Roast and we are always chasing around looking for the least expensive cost of these fairly expensive pods.  Finally, a discount on-line.  Love the pods, but it was the price we were looking for!
I'm not a very big coffee drinker, but absolutely LOVE this particular blend. I tried the light roast and the dark roast as well but they were a tad bit too light/heavy ... this is just perfect!Everyone who comes to our home and tries this coffee is surprised how good it comes out -- plus the foam that the Senseo coffee maker adds in the end is just the perfect touch :)Will def. recommend and buy this product again.
I set up a little coffee shop for myself on top of my washing machine!  Wonderful motivation to get up and deal with at least one load before leaving for work in the morning.  I love my Senseo machine~you can even get tea and hot chocolate pods so you don't get bored!
The only place that sells this product is SAM"S. The hazelnut is soo good. We also put it in oatmeal, pancake batter gives them a extra flavor. Thee Problem is SAM'S seems to only ordering the french vanilla for now. That has no taste at all.Coffee-Mate Hazelnut (concentrated) with Pump, 50.7-Ounce Units (Pack of 2)
Like everything else in this world is the old saying..... "if it tastes good its not good for you" sooooooo go ahead and live a little and enjoy the wonderful taste this gives coffee or espresso....whats good especially is the "sugar free" then goes back to the world of eating right.....which means bland bland bland.....(except vegetables)Hmmmmmmm coffee bean??? vegetable??? (HaHaHa)
LOVE this coffee! It has a wonderful caramel flavor and you can't buy this coffee in the stores here in FL. And the price just can't be beat!
UPDATE FOR 01/2012Guys:I've already bought the two-pack version of this coffee (Mastro Lorenzo Crema Coffee, T-Discs for Tassimo Coffeemakers, 16-Count Packages (Pack of 2)) Mastro Lorenzo Crema Coffee, T-Discs for Tassimo Coffeemakers, 16-Count Packages (Pack of 2)whose packaging appears to look a little different and is not available with the "subscribe and save" option (it comes out to about $11 a pack), but this is a better deal if you use the Subscribe and Save (about $9.35/pack or .59 per disk, and it's still the same coffee made by Mastro and imported from Germany).  Please note that some consider this still to be realtively pricey because it only produces a short European style cup of cofee (about 4 oz).  Also note that there is a Tassimo version of this coffee (also a short cup with a crema called Carte Noir VoluptuosoCarte Noir Voluptuoso, 16-Count T-Discs for Tassimo Brewers (Pack of 3)) that's  cheaper, but it's not nearly as tasty and rich as the Mastro Lorenzo is to me.I've never seen this coffee sold locally in NY, but then again, it seems that most of the supermarkets and appliance stores are giving more shelf space to the more popular k-cup machines and coffees.  Anyway, back to Mastro Crema....... the coffee comes shipped in the original European packaging (there's a leaflet attached in English), but everything else is the same as the other  t-discs sold in the states.  Like I mentioned above, the coffee is "european" style , so it's only about 4 oz and quite dark and rich with a wonderful thick crema on top.  If you want a larger cup, you can always press the manual button and have it come out a bit lighter (still quite good), but I prefer the original amount.  This coffee is very similar to the regular coffee I had every morning at a coffee bar in Barcelona.  Very, very good and hard to tell it comes from a tassimo non-pressurized machine. In fact, I prefer this over the larger dark brews I've used in the past (e.g., $tarbuck$).....the subscribe and save makes this a pretty good deal even though the price of the disk went up from up from .43/cup when I ordered in mid 2011).If you like your coffee rich, dark, creamy with a nice roasted flavor but not "burnt", this is the one.
This coffee is comparable to Illy which I also love.I needed a Decaf so I bought Alessi at my local grocery, however, it is much cheaper here!!
Most of the reviews I have read were pretty much how the coffee tasted to people. Since everyone's taste is different, I think it's a moot point. What is important is how fresh the coffee is. I found that each cup had the same freshness so that's a nod to consistency. As for my own personal taste preferences, I drank Folgers Classic Roast for years and since that isn't available in K cup, I've been drinking the Caribou Coffee blend as a replacement. It tastes fine to me and the caffeine keeps me going all day.  I haven't had any problems with using the Caribou Coffee K cup either. When company comes, this is one coffee I don't share :)
I have tried many K cups and some are hits and others are just plain misses. This one is a HIT! I don't like strong, bitter tasting coffee. This one has a smooth, mild taste that I love. I normally only drink one cup of coffee per day, but I have found myself craving this for an afternoon treat. I will definitely be purchasing this flavor again.
By far one of the best K-cup coffees.The favor is bold yet not bitter, it is not not weak or diluted even when choosing the largest cup size on the Keurig machine.Only issue is that you can pick it up at S*ms for about $36 for the 80 pc pack.
Quick delivery and excellent coffee.  I love strong coffee, and this fits the bill.  Would gladly buy again.
K cups are the way to go and I love this flavor. I have at least two cups every morning. Of all the flavors, this is my favorite. Even my son who says he is not into flavored coffees likes it.
I bought this sampler because I wanted to try their flavors before committing to a five pound bag.  I'm glad that I did.  I have concluded that overall, CBD roasts a bit lighter than what I'm used to, but that their full city and dark roasts are very tasty (even if not as dark as I'm used to).The coffee cups were unnecessary and, in my opinion, unattractive.  The sampler would be better without them.
Actually just one word sums it all... A M A Z I N G.The coffee is simply very good in taste and smell and is ORGANIC and I read about the company and they are actually part of Free Trade meaning they are promoting world peace and green earth. And they are not even charging much. The cost is definately low for this quality of product.
This was my first experience with a Coffee Bean Direct product. I went for a light city roast and the flavor profile was exactly as described in the product description. I use a Yama vac. pot and a fine grind (YMMV). In a few days I'll do a darker roast and post the comparison. Amazon's price is great; nearly half that at the Coffe Bean Direct site. While other suppliers have similar prices, large orders are usually necessary for free shipping. As always, Amazon comes through. I highly recommend this coffee; if you think you would like it based on the product description you will not be disappointed.
This stuff is marvelous.  This is the first time I've tried Hibiscus.  It has a really tasty, tangy flavor and I combine it with Davidson's bulk Tulsi Signature Blend to make sun tea.  It's great by itself hot or cold.  And even better for you when combined with Tulsi, due to Tulsi's adaptogenic qualities.I live in Las Vegas, so I drink a couple of large glasses of this awesome red-colored (looks like Sangria) combination as iced tea daily, now that summer's here, and really love it.  It's both healthy and refreshing.  I'm very satisfied with it.  And I'd recommend this version, rather than the whole flowers, because this version has smaller pieces.  Smaller pieces means more surface area (like a finer ground coffee), thus, a better infusion with more flavor using less product.
Garvey's Carmel Walnut coffee cake reminds me of the coffee cake my grandmother used to bake. Super easy to make, and always turns out perfect. A cup of coffee and Garvey's coffee cake in the morning is the perfect way to start your day.Garvey's really takes the cake.
Love this espresso!  I was camping and forgot our coffee and had to go into the local market and get some instant coffee(which I hate), and we stumbled on Megaglia D'Oro.  Everyone helped themselves to the Medaglia and they liked it.  The next day my brother came to the campsite with a coffee kettle and brewed some coffee for everyone, and after a cup of the brewed coffee, they said they preffered the Medaglia.  Good stuff!  My only complaint is that it comes in a tiny jar.
I never could have imagine that  the espresso coffee could be so goodinstant, Is the best I have ever tasted. All my family enjoyed it since the first cup.
Love, Love, Love this coffee! Great flavor, not too strong or weak, no bitterness. Just right! I recommend this for anyone who loves the Mocha flavors, as I do. Great transaction, no complaints at all!
I'm a chocoholic and have tried every mocha, swiss almond chocolate, etc. coffee I've ever seen, k-cup and not k-cup.  This is the best.  It may actually be better than German chocolate cake--it's like a no-cal, fat-free dessert.  My favorite way to drink it right now is to throw in a packet of Splenda and a little bit of Organic Valley chocolate soy milk, though it's good without sweetener or creamer.  It's chocolaty, with a hint of coconut.  I highly recommend for anyone who likes coffee (it's not a weak coffee, like most of the flavored kcups I've tried).  Also, Amazon's price for Timothy's is the best I can find, subscribe and save price comes out to around $0.37 a cup.  Enjoy!!
Coffee is absolutely delicious!  And what a bargain these K-cups are compared to the prices in stores.  The subscription series to it is great--you don't have to use gas to get to a store that sells K-cups (in my case, it's about a 20 mile round trip to the nearest store that sells K-cups)--the coffee just comes to you.  The convenience of changing the subscription to match plans (such as vacations or whatever) is great.  Highly recommended for anyone who has a Keurig machine.
Each 28g square has a net 2 carbs!  There is only one ingredient - organic cacao beans. And, it is high quality chocolate.  Here is my recipe for 5 min, low carb (1 carb per serving) chocolate mousse.  chop 2 dagoba squares (4g net carbs) in a food processor until fine (60 s)  Microwave 1/4 c unsweetened almond milk(0 carbs), 1/4 c coffee (0 carbs), 2 TB butter (0c), 1/2 - 3/4 tsp steviaclear sweet drops (0c) and splash vanilla (nearly 0 carbs) for 1 minute until hot.  Poor into food processor and melt / mix with chopped chocolate - scrape bowl to make sure it mixes.  In separate mixing bowl, beat 2 egg whites with hand mixer until stiff (1-2mins).  Fold chocolate into egg whites with spatula until egg white lumps are gone.  pour mousse into 4 small bowls, or cups or ramekins and chill for at least 30 mins.
Fire Fighters know good coffee and this retired Fire Fighter recommends this great tasting coffee. Good balance between acidity and smoothness. I'm glad it's back in stock.
I got this in a variety pack and love the floral flavor.  Most of my friends don't like it for some reason...I guess it just depends on whether you like a floral flavor in you beverages (for you coffee drinkers, imagine a black tea version of Tanzanian Peaberry.)  I save this tea for the afternoons; for some reason it tastes better when I don't feel rushed.
I use these syrups in my protein shakes with coffee.  They are terrific, I buy them all the time.
I found Bali's Best Latte candy on another site, but it was a better price via Amazon, if purchased in bulk. This Latte Candy has a strong creamy-coffee taste (not diluted like many candies) and has a very smooth taste. It is not as bittersweet as the Coffee Candy, but not too sweet either - rather, a good balance of coffee, cream and sweetness. The other Bali's Best candies are equally as delicious and have unique flavor profiles.
everyone loves the irish creme from Coffee Masters..it is so rich flavored, and it smells so heavenly..we all love it . the irish creme has been my favorite for years, it became hard to find..I'm so glad amazon carries this premium coffee..you must try this coffee, if you love flavored coffees...
This is a decent brand of coffee if you like it fairly strong.  Easier than grinding my own when I don't feel like doing it, and nearly as fresh.
I am trying to cut out as much sugar in my diet as possible, and one of the major steps I have taken is to flavor my coffee with Stevita products.  They make a number of different flavors for much cheaper than their competition, and their bottles are small and tough enough and to survive without leaking in my purse!
This product (raw sugar) that I purchased from Amazon, was everything I expected.  It's especially great in my coffee and as Dr. Oz mentioned on his show it has given me more energy.  I will continue using it and ordering from Amazon.
I would recomend this to anyone who does not like a strong coffee. I will buy this coffee again....
I drink a lot of coffee.  I like it black and medium to full bodied.  I like french roast and Sumatra but not in the morning. In the morning I like something lighter but not weak. This is the best morning K-cup I have tried.  It is full bodied and flavorful. It has a slightly nutty flavor and is in the true tradition of single origin South American.  I wish they had a Guatemalan but this is the next best thing. My only complaint is they stopped offering it as a subscribe and save.
I absolutely LOVE coffee. I have loved coffee since I was a small child.I have been known to say that good coffee is one of the best things in life. However, I know all the reasons that coffee is not good for me.I have searched and tried many substitutes with no success. Until I found Teeccino Maya dark roast. I find it rich and satisfying.I actually choose this over my organic yukon gold coffee, now.I just hate that it is so expensive.That is why I am here at Amazon.I love Amazon, seriously, I do!
We have been drinking decaf coffee (which still has a bit of caffeine) for several years but I was interested in trying the Teeccino which has absolutely no caffeine.The manufacturer strongly recommends starting out mixing a small amount of the Teeccino with your coffee and gradually increasing the amount of Teeccino.  This is the best way to acclimatize yourself to the slightly different taste of even the Maya French Roast which is the closest to actual coffee. Also take note that this is STRONG stuff and you need less of it than you do of your ground coffee.We sampled different "flavors" of Teeccino before ordering this 3 pack from Amazon. My husband liked all of the flavors we tried but the ones with the dates and other fruits in them were too sweet for my taste unless I added a teaspoon of vanilla to the pot and then the result was closer to a dessert coffee than a morning drink.  This Maya French Roast suits both of us.I considered going back to drinking our favorite brand of decaf without the Teeccino added, but the other day my husband made a pot of plain coffee (Newman's organic Green Mountain fair trade brand) which we used to really enjoy.  It was so bland I couldn't wait to finish it and get back to our coffee/Teeccino blend!  That's when I logged on to Amazon and ordered the 3 pack.
I needed to give up coffee but was missing that 'morning drink'. This did the trick. I thoroughly enjoy it. I make it in a french press and it comes perfect everytime.Highly recommend, you'll never go back to coffee again
We are still on our first box of this, but so far we love this coffee at home. We have a Senseo coffee machine, and we were unsure if it would work for us, but it fits perfectly. The coffee is organic, no artificial ingredients like some of the other ones have (including the ones recommended by Philips!) Size wise, each coffee pod is quite thick, I would equate it to 1.5 times the Senseo ones. Smells and tastes great. I am not the biggest coffee drinker, but the ladies in the house love it.Highly recommended.
Not much of a description on the box and no instructions, but it's pretty much a tea bag that says this side down.  Let it brew in really hot water for 5 minutes and squeeze it out real good and presto you have easy to make single serve coffee.  I can't see any reason to put it in a coffee maker...total waste of electricity.  It is mild but strong enough in my humble opinion, but I hate starbucks coffee because it tastes too strong and burnt to me.  If you like your coffee dark and strong enough to stand a horse shoe in it straight up this may be too boring for you.
I don't have a pod coffeemaker, so I cut open the packets and put the coffee in my coffee jar when I ran out of the the French roast that was in it. I use one scoop of coffee with my Bodum French press every morning.So how did this coffee fare? Very well. I didn't find it too weak nor two strong. Very robust, not harsh. I don't think I'd recommend buying it if you have to cut open the pods and pour out the coffee the way I did, but you can buy the One Love Whole Bean Organic coffee from their website and grind it yourself. However, if you do have a pod brewer, then I'd recommend the pod version here without any reservation, because this is very good coffee.
I really hoped for the best on this one after becoming disillusioned with my local coffee shop's organic ethically produced Ethiopian offering, but happily this is a great tasting cup of coffee. My husband orders these specifically to take with him to work. Flavorful, bold, rich, really nice for a single serve. Usually we need two pods per cup of other blends to make it work for us but not with the Marley Coffee. A+
I have a Gevalia pod coffee maker with 6, 8 and 12oz. cup choices. Most of the pods I try need two pods for any size larger than 6oz. This makes a robust but not better 12 oz cup. And to boot it's cheaper than the other pod coffee brands. The senseo pods  are useless if you want a man sized mug. At the price of most pod coffees {$12.99 to $19.99) using two pods per cup is not cost efficient. I only wish Marley Coffee had more blends to choose from.
I am using a Senseo machine so this was a nice product to use it with.The box is large and has a slot you can open at the bottom to get one bag at a time, like a dispenser.The bags are individually wrapped in sealed envelops which can be a pain in a neck to tear open.Taste wise, this coffee is the best testing I have ever tried with my Senseo machine.On a side note, the coffee beans are not Jamaicans but Ethiopians. It is 100% Arabica.Every bag is thicker than the norm so it is large enough for a double coffee.
These are pods, designed to be used in a single-cup brewing system made for pods.  I don't have one of those expensive, pod-using, coffeemakers.  I do have a single mug coffeemaker, which I normally fill with water using the provided fourteen ounce mug.  For the purposes of this product, I tried just putting in a cup (8 oz) of water, and placing the pod in the basket.  This produced a weak, undrinkable liquid.  The second time, I filled the pot with 8 oz. again.  I cut open two of the pods and put the coffee in the usual No. 2 filter.  This produced a very strong, but very delicious cup of coffee.  I thought it was too strong even for me at first (I like strong, dark coffee, and drink it black) but the more I drank it, the more I liked it.  I finished every drop.  Filling the one-cup coffeemaker with the usual full mug of water and the contents of two opened pods makes a slightly weaker but still very full-bodied, rich coffee.
the flavor palet for this coffee is deep and rich...I really enjoyed it and I have to admit, I felt relaxed and not wired:)
When i got this coffee,i discovered it was for a single cup machine.I dont have one so i just cut the packets open and used the coffee in my drip machine.It worked just fine.I only used two packets for a half a pot and it was still strong so i think a little more water and it would be fine.The coffee is very good.I felt it was very smooth and had a nice aroma.I didnt realize that the name Marley is the family of Bob Marley.Im a fan so it made it even better.Good stuff,mon,try it.
The packaging, the box as well as the individual pods, is attractive to the point where it would make a great gift for any coffee drinker and especially a coffee drinking Bob Marley fan.  I liked the coffee, it smelled and tasted very good and the individually sealed pods assure long term freshness.  The pods appear to be made of high quality unbleached paper and it is strong enough to not tear or break open when saturated with hot water.  I do not own a single serve drip coffee maker so my first try was to open four pods and pour the coffee into my four cup basket and filter.  This worked well.  Then I thought I'd try something different the next time and placed four pods into my coffee maker basket.  This resulted in an entirely too weak brew.  But my experiment led me to discover the best method for using the handy little pods when no one cup maker is available.  When I saw that I had a pot of hot weak coffee I took the pods out of the basket and dropped them into the hot coffee.  I let them sit and steep for a while then plucked each pod out, squeezed, and discarded.  Now I had a good brew, as good as my first.  From then on when I use these pods I place one pod with about 8 oz of distilled water in a ten ounce mug and heat it good and hot in the microwave.  Remove from microwave and cover to retain heat while it brews.  Then squeeze out and discard the pod (they are so easy to deal with compared to loose wet grounds) and you have yourself a great cup of coffee.  All said I am enjoying this coffee as something new to me but I still prefer mu old standby, 100% Colombian.
This is a good companion to a french press device.  I didn't find it too strong, which means coffee enthusiasts that prefer their coffee too strong, might not like it, but hey, if you think its a good idea, why not use two bags instead of one?  Marley coffee also claims to be organic, so if you are into organic stuff, this could be worth your while.
A bit pricey once you add the S & H but this is one of the best flavored coffees I have tasted.  Got my daughter hooked on it too!
Rec'd my coffee quickly, well packed and as described. Good value! I will definitely return when I need another Hazelnut fix.
I love this flavor of coffee for the Keurig machine.  It's subtle and not too sweet.  My husband love his coffee super sweet, but I prefer mine black, and we can both enjoy this without adding anything to it.  I definitely think this particular item is a great value.  When a couple people make coffee daily, you can really go through the k-cups, and this product keeps us stocked.  When these arrived, there were one or two that had been damaged in transit, but it didn't really bother me.  I removed the broken cups and transferred the rest to our k-cup staging area.  Definitely a good buy.
We love the Hazelnut coffee in our house! Great flavor and the coffee isn't bitter or too strong. I also love the price! Buying it here in a pack of 50 makes it cheaper than any of the stores in our city.
This is the best price I've found on Kuerig cups. Always arrives on time, often earlier than expected. This is my go-to coffee hook-up!
These are so yum. They're my favourite flavoured coffee!  Wish they sold them in South Africa so that I didn't have to buy online only.
I just LOVE this coffee.......but was disappointed when the box came crushed and the contents had coffee dust all over the K-cups.  No response when I posted a shipping opinion on the site.  Hope THAT doesn't happen again!
I disagree with the other reviewer.  I didn't find this coffee too sweet.  The flavor was bold enough to stand out, but was not overpowering and is quite delicious.  Perfect Potful makes a quality coffee, even if the flavors vary.
My husband and I agree; this is the best coffee we have ever had!Delicate and lovely flavor, low acidity, and no aftertaste.  It is more expensive than other coffee, to be sure, but it is also considerably better.
This is the fifth different type of coffee I've tried with my Keurig coffee maker. Right now, it is tied with a Newman's Own k-cup as my favorite. A couple k-cup products seemed fine when I first tasted them, but have come to pale somewhat in comparison with other flavors and makes.This is a really smooooooooooooooooooth tasting coffee. It does not have a strong taste, but goes down very easily. There is a richness to the taste as well.Bottom line? I will be purchasing this again when my supply runs out as I continue experimenting with different flavor k-cups.
I ordered the Mahogany Caribou Coffee K-Cups and adore them.  I recommend this product if you like bold coffe with a smooth taste.
I love this stuff.  I could drink 3 or more cans every day.  It has that perfect blend of coffee and chocolate and gives me a boost. What I find odd is the price here.  I got excited discovering that I could buy in bulk as compared to 1 can at a time at local gas stations.  As others stated, I assumed the price per can would go way down because of the quantity.  Well, at $50 per 12 pack it's well over the cost of my 1 can-at-a-time cost at gas stations!  I pay from $2.29 to $2.69 locally while this Amazon cost is $4.11 per can.  What's the point in buying in bulk if the price goes up??  And I'm not even considering shipping cost. As a price threshold, for me if the price exceeds $30 for a 12 pack, I say forget it.
I enjoy brewing just one cup at a time. This is the ideal way to use my favorite ground coffees and even loose leaf teas. I'm not restricted to whatever pods or tea bags the grocery store has on it's shelves, and it allows me to brew the freshest cup possible. It's as simple as: turn on the machine, place an empty filter pod on the bottom half of the machine, fill with the right amount of coffee grounds or loose leaf tea, bend over the flap and lower the top half of the machine for 3 to 5 seconds. There is your one cup coffee pod or tea bag. I've given the perfect pod maker as gifts to my coffee and tea loving friends and they love it.
The term "case" implies a big box when in reality it is a box containing 12 packs with two strips of biscuits in each pack.We used to make our own here in the states.  Sunshine biscuits were great but they went the way of many other fine products.These are expensive but they are really good in the morning with a cup of coffee.  I would buy a real case if I could have aprice break.  At 76, I check prices, but I will continue to pay more for things I really like.  Shipping is excellentand they always arrive in good condition.  Freddy B.
Nonni's Biscotti, Limone, 8-Count Boxes (Pack of 12)In my opinion, ths is the best biscotti on the market today.  I usually eat at least two each morning with coffee - delicious!!  I also really like the original biscuit without the lemon flavoring.
My husband is the ultimate food snob and I would find him crunching on these biscotti all the time.  Also my daughter would pack these in her lunch, they are not too hard, so you don't have to dip them into coffee, they are perfect.
Wow! All that I can say is that on first taste of the macchiato that comes out of the Dolce Gusto machine, "I'm hooked!" It avoids all of the extremes that a poorly made macchiato falls into. It is not too sweet; nor is it bitter. Not too much milk and the coffee is not overpowering. It is the perfect early afternoon light coffee drink. I actually prefer this one to Starbuck's version because it is a little less sweet.The best part in my opinion, is that you can slightly customize your beverage, a little more milk for a lighter drink...or a little more coffee for a bolder drink. Fine tune your beverage to your liking (But be careful, too much of the coffee pod and the drink becomes bitter). Don't get me wrong, you could probably do better and fine-tune a little more if you drew a shot of fresh roasted, fresh ground espresso and made your own. But I have certaintly tasted much worse (and few better) macchiatos.
I bought this flavor for the folks at work that like a milder to average strength coffee. I ended up liking it too, even though I usually go for the darker blends. When I unpacked it and saw the word "vanilla" on the box, I thought - oh no ... this is a VANILLA coffee. But if there is any vanilla to this, it is so mild that I can't really taste it. I guess there is just enough to smooth the flavor out. I like it a lot, and so does everyone else evidently. I can't keep it stocked in the lounge!
Because this is the Best, pre-ground Coffee I've found yet!  Great Flavor and not bitter at all (like most of Maxwell House's other blends)!The Sad thing is....you can't find it the stores easily!  Most Stores dedicate a Full Isle to Soft drinks, but only 10-15' of space for Coffee!This Coffee is So Good...if you accidentally pick up the wrong Coffee (like my wife did once, buying their "Master Blend"), you will know it!!!
I love, love, love this coffee!  It isn't bitter and has an excellent blend of flavors.  It is my favorite and Berres Brothers is the BEST!
I would highly recommend this coffee to coffee lovers who love a sweet coffee experience.  It is smooth and doesn't have a bitter aftertaste!  I LOVE IT!
wonderful, smooth with creamy flavors.  Brings a delight to my morning coffee. I highly recommend this product to anyone that loves flavors.  Out of this world!!!!!!!!!!!!
WHAT A SURPRIZE. A GREAL COFFEE THATS ACTUALY GOOD FOR YOU.  I ORDERED THE MOCHA JAVA BLEND ON A FRIENDS RECOMMENDATION AND AM VERY HAPPY I DID!  ROGER MENDENHALL
Okay, okay , everyone has said it all....... Well not really.  It works perfect for what it does. It holds the PODS!  It also makes the coffee maker closer to the cabinet so you can't open the coffee maker under the cabinet....  Here is the fix.......  Buy a 18x24 flexable cutting board and stick it under it.  You can slide the entire unit in and out any time you need to make coffee.  You can also use the cutting board for cutting a lime or something else.  I use it all the time in my wet bar in the basement for parties and everyone said oh how ingenous.  You can cut the cutting board to any size and it works perfectly. The cutting boards are available here on Amazon.  I couldn't find them anywhere in the kitchen stores locally. I'm so happy with drawer now that I have this fix.  No more worries about trying to pull the Keurig maker out with the drawer under it and having the little rubber feet falling off the drawer.  Nuff said...  Works like a charm and the wife loves it too!!!  LOL
What a refreshing change, as compared to many popular coffees. Smooth and delicous, without being too heavy or rich, this coffee is a perfect combination of taste and blend.  I highly recommend Caffe Bomrad Torino!
Great coffee.  This was a very fast, easy transaction.  Surprised at the full, rich body of the coffee taste.  Also pleasantly surprised at the size of the volume & package.  Very pleased.
I was lucky enough to discover Biscoff Spread  (with smudged labels) at the 99 cents store and decided to give it a try since I am such a fan of the Biscoff brand of Belgian speculoos cookies that they have served for many years on Delta Air Lines.  It's an odd concept, a spread made of cookies, but I'm glad that I didn't let that stop me from trying it.The label says that this is a "European alternative to peanut butter."  I completely disagree as it it only has the look and texture of peanut butter.  It smells and tastes just like the Biscoff cookies, but sweeter, with a hint of caramelized sugar and cinnamon.  It is much more like dulce de leche than peanut butter.This spread is good with ice cream; on pancakes, scones, and apples; or just eaten from a spoon as a nice treat after a meal.  A thin layer even salvaged the plain graham crackers I bought by mistake instead of the cinnamon honey variety.  It would also be good on cupcakes, waffles, or popovers.  Eating it on toast doesn't appeal to me but maybe with raisin bread it would be good.  It really is tasty and hard to resist, especially with milk or coffee.The basic recipe for Biscoff spread is speculoos cookies, canola oil, and sugar so it's not particularly healthy.  Each tablespoon has 88 calories with 52 of them from fat.  On the bright side, a tablespoon only has 33 mg of sodium.Ingredients:  Biscoff 57% (wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oils [one or more of soy bean oil, sunflower oil, canola oil, palm oil], soy flour, brown sugar, sodium bicarbonate, salt, cinnamon), canola oil, sugar, soy lecithin, citric acid.
I have severe reflux and a corn and gluten intolerance so finding a coffee like beverage was not easy and tea just does not cut it for me.  I tried this product and was thrilled, then the Dandy Blend, which I ordered at the same time arrived.  I got a huge bag of Dandy Blend, compared to the tiny bag of Unforgettable - you can compare the price vs the volume yourself.  In my opinion the Dandy Blend tastes better. I have not touched the whole brown rice drink since I tried the Dandy Blend which tastes like postum, which I do miss since they quit making it.  Pero is good too, but I cannot have it anymore with the gluten intolerance, nor postum for that matter.  I tried Kava for a while but the acid, even though this is an acid reduced product, was too much for my stomach.  The lack of acid is wonderful in both Dandy Blend and Unforgettable. Now I have a good tasting, hot beverage choices that I can sip on throughout the day. I suggest buying both and seeing which you prefer.
This was my 1st attempt to get off artificial sweeteners. I liked it! It takes as much as sweet n'low for each cup of coffee/tea(3 packs)..I should say it takes a little getting used to, it is less sweet that sweet n low(since natural sweet is less sweet anyhow) but you get used to it quite fast! and there's no aftertaste or anything like it. If you looking for something natural & with zero calories then you should give it a taste.
this is the best decaf coffee ever. it makes delicious iced drinks as well as hot ones. i signed up for the for automatic delivery deal (they will send it every 6 months) and the price ended up to be only $6.77 a jar -- which is about half of what these jars go for at whole foods. best deal ever! think about it -- a whole jar of mount hagen (which for me makes about 30 "large" drinks, because i use more than the 'serving size' listed on the back of the jar) for the price of TWO starbucks lattes.... yes, quite a deal!
I was searching to find an organic, decaf, instant coffee and this is the only one I could find.  I read the reviews and saw how wonderful everyone thought it was so I tried it and am so glad I did.  This is by far the ABSOLUTE BEST coffee I have ever had in my life!  It is so flavorful that you use much less than you would on a generic coffee so don't be scared away by the oz/$ comparison to other coffees, your health is worth the tiny bit more it costs.  Oh, it is so good and me being sensitive to caffeine, I use so very little in my cup but it flavors it so well.  The price is EXCELLENT as I've seen them cost $10-$12 in various health food stores.  I have several cases onhand and will continue to stock up before the end times arrive.  It would make super gifts for others that are trying to watch their health.
This tea is the only kind I drink. It has a roasted taste to it reminiscent of coffee, but is very low on caffeine. I had to find a new place to buy this brand of kukicha because it is no longer stocked where I live at a reasonable price, and no other brand I have tried stands up to Eden's.
Oh - I have been using this coffee for 16 years now, and I always use four (4) heaping scoops. Yes, I have a cheap Mister Coffee coffee-maker - but it works. I'm not about pretense, but value and tatste. The best thing about Chock Full o' Nuts is that you get a strong flavor WITHOUT bitterness (something the Folger's and Maxwell's will never achieve). I stumbled upon this value priced coffee at a private dining club I worked for when I was just a pup. The flavor is exquisite and the price is modest. I'm lucky to be able to purchase this at a local discount store in town for around $6 a can.
This arrived very quickly and in great shape.  The variety pack gave us a nice coffee tasting test. We were surprised at how good the house blend and the breakfast blend were.
I decided to give up coffee because of all the brouhaha over cortisol ... but boy did I miss it. Tea was a poor substitute (so I thought), because the longer you brew it the more bitter it becomes. Then I discovered Taylors of Harrogate Scottish Breakfast Tea.  Wow - you can brew it to full-bodied deliciousness and it never gets bitter. It's especially tasty with milk in the morning. Not just a substitute for coffee (which it certainly is), but a wonderful, refreshing way to start the day, all in its own right!STRONGLY recommended!!
This has been a great snack with a coffee flavor and some chocolate.  Sometimes the coffee flavor seems a bit strong for me, but I'm a wimp and it sometimes depends on my mood.
I am not in love with the taste of Gatorade but I am not averse to it either,But I mainly drink this for effect. This drink is associated with athletes, but for those of us who DON'T take care of ourselves, it has its uses.Back when I drank--another story--if I had some of this before bed, I may have been tired the next day, but didn't feel like walking death--which I would have without hydrating with this.Hats off to me: two years and not a drop of booze. Which brings up the coffee and cigarettes, which a lot of us obsessive ex-guzzlers use as far more benign vices. These also dehydrate you. I am weening of the ciggies and cutting back on the java, but until that happens totally,  Gatorade mitigate the effectsSo the next time you think of that high school boys or girls varsity captain who you loved but never got the time of day from drinking this on the sidelines, just take comfort.Idiots like me use Gatorade too.
I like just dropping the filter pack (or two or three)in my coffee pot, filling the water chamber... tasty coffee- no mess.
This is amazing coffee, you need the machine about $50 to make a good tasting cup of coffee with a nice foam to top it off. I have this coffee, morning and evening, no problems since it is Decaf. buy it yourselves and enjoy a great tasting cup of coffee as good or even better than a coffee cup from a coffee specialty store.
I have finally found a coffee that tastes like coffee smells.  That elusive taste we all look for when we smell coffee brewing.  A nice robust (but not too strong) flavor that tastes great without cream and/or sugar, but its flavor is not diluted when I add flavored cream, just enhanced.
It's pretty hard to locate Senseo Decaf in my area, so this is a great place to get it.  I'm fond of all the Senseo coffees and love my machine--it delivers coffee-house flavor at home, right down to the foam on top!
I'm not going to talk about the quality of the coffee; after all, that's an entirely subjective opinion that's impossible to form from reading reviews.  (For the record, I like Senseo coffee, including this medium roast decaf variety.)  However, if you decide to buy this, you should definitely consider signing up for the subscription service.  Here's why:First, the price is discounted 15% from the regular Amazon price, and the shipping is free, even if the order doesn't meet the normal $25 threshold.  In my area, I almost never see Senseo pods in stores for less than $4.50, even on sale, so the subscription-discounted Amazon price represents a significant saving.Second, you can adjust (or cancel) your subscription at any time-- even after only one shipment.  When you sign up, you'll get an e-mail explaining where to look on your account page for the subscription options.So, at an interval of your choosing, a package of coffee pods will arrive, discounted 15% than the normal Amazon price in effect at that time and shipped for free.  Your credit card won't be charged until each shipment date, and you can cancel at any time.Life is good.
Ok, so this isn't Starbucks Via, but it is a fraction of the cost of Via AND it is organic which is important to me. I think that, though delicious, Via tastes like Espresso. Mount Hagen tastes like coffee. Good coffee. Unlike many instant brands, Mount Hagen does not taste burnt or bitter. It is smooth and mellow. If you like a stong cup of coffee, maybe don't go for these single serve packets... try the jars instead. For me, one packet produces a smooth, medium bodied cuppa that I will continue to purchase and enjoy daily. I love Via, but it is too expensive and I see no reason to give Mount Hagen a low rating because I also enjoy a different brand that I can't afford. I'm glad to have found this product and highly recommend it.
This product offers the convenience of instant with the preferred organic choice.  The flavor is terrific - makes a great cup of coffee.
Hide them from the company, hide them from the room mates or family members! You will not get more than one cup if you share this set of 48! I am not kidding. These are so good and so hard to find that they simply vanish from the k-cup carousel. You will see people sitting on your couch holding mugs and they will all claim innocence !  A truly fine blend of coffee.
BRAVO Greek coffee is NOT FOR THE WEAK! It's quite potent, so read and follow the directions carefully. I've put one teaspoon each of coffee powder&sugar into a cup after adding hot water... and it's incredibly kicky. I've put Turkish-style coffee (Cafe Najjar Classic Turkish-style Ground Coffee 450g (1 Lbs) (Lebanon) (Pack of 10) through the regular auto drip, treating it like other ground coffee... and let's just say it was a major wake up call! It makes Starbucks taste like weak sauce in comparison.Greece is considered the cradle of Western civilization, from Plato  (Plato Complete Works) to Aristotle (The Basic Works of Aristotle (Modern Library Classics)), the works of Euripides, the first modern psychological playwright (Electra and Other Plays: Euripides (Penguin Classics)), Sophocles who gave us the Oedipus complex (The Three Theban Plays: Antigone; Oedipus the King; Oedipus at Colonus) The ancient Greeks gave us their mythology, their philosophical insights, their politics. Opera diva Maria Callas, pundit George Stephanopoulos, shock singer Diamanda Galas, all have Greek heritage.This coffee is best served with some tranquil Greek music (Putumayo Presents Greece: A Musical Odyssey,Gentle World: Santorini Splendor,MUSIC FROM THE WINE LANDS,A Mediterranean Odyssey: Athens To Andalucia) In "Music from the Wine Lands",the late Greek diva Vicky Moscholiou compares herself to strong coffee in the song "O Cafes." Her song certainly fits BRAVO's tough blend!Drink deep!
I'm not a huge tea drinker (coffee every day) but I do enjoy black tea, Earl Grey, and Chai tea. This tea is nice addition. I bought it because I'd heard good things about it including Dr. Oz recommending it. At that point it was a question of which of the many oolongs on Amazon do I buy. I bought three. They are all very similar in flavor, require a touch of sweetener for my tastes but are very good. They are all a bit subdued in flavor with this one being the lightest. I've never had oolong tea in a restaurant so I can't compare to that but I didn't find it to taste like dirt.
I really like Roastaroma.  It has a nice thick consistency, and while it doesn't taste like coffee,  it's really good if you want to quit the caffeine roller-coaster.  I was a black tea addict but decided to give it up for my health and weight.  Roastaroma is very helpful.
If you want a satisfying, stalwart coffee for your everyday brew, this is it. You can make it to your taste: stronger without it becoming bitter, weaker without losing any flavor.
I think anyone who likes coffee will fine the Instant Ganoderma coffee to be an equal replacement to their regular coffee. I like it because it has nutritional benefits and it's caffeine free. Great taste!
I love this stuff!  If you like dark chocolate, you will really like this.  The amount of sea salt is perfect to balance with the bitterness of the chocolate.  It is a great chocolate to have in the evening with a cup of coffee.
We have used this brand of 1/2 grain Saccharin Tablets for YEARS (over 45 now).  Highly recommend it for coffee (& tea, provided you add it while it's hot).  Quick hint. If placing in cold beverage, melt in just a Tablespoon or so of HOT water - then sweeten your beverage.
This is delicious coffee, and extremely quick and convenient to prepare.  In less than a minute, you have a brew that's fresh, aromatic, and rich in flavor.
I have been using the Senseo Coffee maker for quite a few years now.  We have the "K" cup machine at my office and the Senseo makes much better coffee.  The Espresso pods are the best yet, and I have tried most of the other varieties.  We almost never go out to S**B** any more for a special cup of coffee.
Very good coffee for the Senseo but it cost too much. I drink a lot of cups of coffee a day and can't afford it anymore!
I have purchased this product many times over. Although the cost has risen,I find it is still a good brand of coffee.
I love my Senseo coffee! The pods are made of a mesh that will decompose. I love that the only thing I have to was is my coffee cup. (No pot, filter, etc.)
I so look forward to my cup of coffee each morning. I like to put a little milk or cream in the cup before running the Senseo machine - heat it first in the microwave for 20 seconds - turns out like a latte with foam on top.Ordering the coffee pods through Amazon is also a plus. You get a good price and you do not have to worry about looking for the coffee at the store (which is hard to find).
I love this coffee and it's getting hard to find in the stores now. Best tasting coffee around. Rich and frothy!'
Excellent product.  In my opinion, the best of the Senso coffee blends.  I will continue to purchase this product as long as it's available.
I was a little dubious when I ordered this - I love the (expensive) Kona coffee, but wasn't sure whether 10% would satisfy my craving.  However, this blend is on my "keeper" list now.  I will likely order more of this than any of the other flavors & blends.
I have tried many coffee pods...and these are the very best!  I found that if you moisten the pods before you put them into the machine, the coffee tastes even better!
First had this coffee in Holland.  It is outstanding.  The Price is right, lower than the Grocery Store.  These pads work in the Senseo Coffee Maker (Phillips).  Great bang for the buck.
I really look forward to starting my day with a cup or two of Senseo coffee. This med. roast is one of my favorites.
If you like a stong cup of coffee, then this isn't your Senseo pod. However, I love a medium roast with a little bit of a bite to it and Breakfast Blend is just that. I enjoy this cup of coffee each morning with a splash of a flavored coffee creamer.  The best!
Coffee has been part and parcel of my family's history.  Since discovering the Senseo machine and coffee I have used nothing else. I have tried other brands of coffee, but they're missing something.Imagine a fresh cup of coffee with every cup...That's Senseo.
NOTE before you buy: this is an 8oz bag, not the 1-pound bag I'm used to buying.  I'll admit that I overlooked this detail, even though it's very prominently in the name of the item on Amazon.The coffee arrived promptly, and had great aroma and taste - strong and smooth (I grind it myself and use a French press).I respect the Fire Mountain Farm's approach to farming in Hawaii, and the coffee really is great, but this is too expensive for me to drink daily.  My tastes may just be too crude, and I am not a person who strictly buys organic.  If organic and sustainable farming are important to you, then you might find the price more reasonable.As a gift, it's not a bad way to introduce someone to excellent Hawaiian coffee, and it's less expensive than many other gift ideas.
I had tried this Cappucino in a package of a variety of flavored coffees when I bought my Keurig coffeemakerand really liked it.  I still enjoy it and loved getting the packages mailed from Amazon. I have always hadwonderful service anytime I have ordered anything from Amazon. G. A. Bryson
I'm not a big coffee drinker as I hate the bitterness.  These k-cups changed the way I think of coffee completely.  They are delicious!  My husband does miss the bitterness of regular coffee and I have some friends who think its a bit too sweet so they do a half and half mixture, but for me... perfection!
This is such a wonderful break from regular coffee.  We enjoy being able to "switch it up" from time to time -- it's quick, convenient and yummy!
Great taste for me. Cup has sweetener and cream, coffee is ready to drink, if you like these both. I am not sure of calories, but I do need to count them
Terrific value and it tastes great, the perfect blend of flavors and sweetness! I love it! I am not a big coffee fan, so finding a cappuccino for a reasonable price is exactly what I was looking for!
I'm a black coffee drinker, but once in a while I want cream and sugar with it.  That pretty much describes this K-cup.  Decent, pleasant taste in a convenient one-step process.
LOVE THIS COFFEE! So delicious and love having the creamer and sugar right in there.  80 calories is a bit much but if I limit myself to 2 per day I'm ok with it.  Everyone in the house is loving this one and I ordered more immediately...it's currently on back-order but it's new so hopefully Amazon will stock up on it for me and I can get it faster in the future. Price is good too. Try it! You won't be disappointed.
My wife and I enjoy this coffee. It is not to sweet nor does it have an overbearing coffee taste, or after taste.
This cappuccino was very good with a sweet,mild coffee flavor. I will buy it again and would recommend this to my friends.
First off i am not sure what people expect. This Fr Vanilla Cap has a great taste, creamy texture and needs nothing added to it.But AGAIN, i read the product info and it stated (sugar/sucralose blend)I use SPLENDA brand sucralose anyway in my coffee. If you do not like the artificial sweetener, then do not order this product. But do not vote it down because you didn't read the info and/or sucralose leaves an after-taste.I have no after-taste from it and therefore I enjoy this product very much.I use this in the B60 Keurig on the middle setting (8oz if i remember correctly)My Pros:-Good price-Creamy texture-Tastes greatWill buy againFor people with the dopey comments:Let me add: IT IS MACHINE-MADE cappuccino! What do you think a cheap Keurig is? Gourmet coffee?
Black Tiger is by far the best coffee I have ever tasted(for Keurig machines). We have a keurig machine at work and Black Tiger is the only flavor I will drink now that we ordered it by chance when an older flavor was no longer being made. Black Tiger actually tastes like coffee should. I had, up until I tasted this, thought that the keurig was unable of brewing a decent cup of coffee but thanks to Black Tiger now I have something to look forward to when I want a cup of coffee at work.
This is my breakfast coffee of choice.  Satifying, deep rich flavor gets the day started with a little oomph.  Two cups and I am ready to face the working world.
The product arrived on time.  Black Tiger coffee has been a favorite for awhile now.  A rich full bodied coffee that goes down well.
Love this stuff!I must have dark strong coffee and lots of it. Black Tiger rocks - better flavor than Revv, smoother than Emeril and a jumbo kick in the pants. This is my go-to kcup when dragging more than usual.
I had never tried Black Tiger coffee before purchasing this, which struck me as a little odd while I was waiting for it.  I mean really, who buys a 50 pack of coffee they have no idea if they like?  But fortunately, it turned out very well.  This is some of the best coffee I have had in K-cups, and will definitely be something I will purchase again in the future.  The frustration free packaging was great, too.  I love that I didn't have to fool with the flimsy cardboard packaging that K-cups usually come in.
I purchased this pack of 4 because the size is perfect for my husband to take to work. He loves this brand of cocoa with the rich milk chocolate taste. He likes to mix it with his French press coffee and make a poor man's mocha. Tastes great and saves us money!
Was able to purchase this item in grocery stores in Oklahoma City.  Not so after I moved to Cape Coral.  Was glad to see that I could order it online.  I add it to my coffee and it makes a great Mocha!
I have tried many different k-cups and Tully's is my favorite. I like the taste because it is a little sweet and doesn't have much acid. It's perfect for that first cup of coffee, as well as at any time during the day or night. Really good coffee.
We received the Kureg coffee maker as a gift and have been trying out various brands of the cups.  Tully's is one of our favorites and a good buy at Amazon.
I like a strong rich coffee in the morning to wake me up. Tully's fits the bill. I have tried some of the others but they are either too dark or too weak. Ordering from Amazon is just TOO convenient--It comes right to your door. Try it you'll like it!!
My nearby Fresh and Easy Neighborhood Market has a bunch of new gourmet items on the shelves, one of which is Bahlsen Waffeletten Wafer Rolls. Basically, they're a fine light and delicate wafer (about 1 1/2 inches wide) that has been rolled tightly and then one end of the roll has been dipped in a tasty milk chocolate. Mmmmm. It's a nice combination. These wafer roll would make a fine item to go with tea or coffee, or you can just eat them as they are for a bit of dessert. Quite excellent. They're imported from Germany.Gary Peterson
I love this coffee.  It is one of my favorites.  I keep trying other flavors but I go back to this one.  I've also had several different Hazelnut kcups fromt he different makes and I prefer the Green Mountain.  I don't like really strong coffee so this has the right amount of coffee flavor with the hint of hazelnut!
These cookies didn't disappoint.  They are delicious and go really well with a cup of tea or coffee.  They have just the right amount of sweetness...not cloying.  (I think American desserts usually go overboard on sugar).  I highly recommend them.
This very crispy sugar wafer is perfect with ice cream, or with coffee or tea.  It's got a lovely burnt marshmallow flavor.  I really like these- they seem to harmonize with anything.  I'm allergic to GMo cornstarch, so it is hard for me to find cookies I can eat.  This one is lovely, and it's safe for me to eat.
It's right up there with Kona coffee.  It's pricey so won't be drinking it all the time, but will buy again.
Good tasting coffee, no bitter taste, just rich and full bodied.  Can't imagine going back to grocery store quality coffee.  Also appreciate that it is shade grown and organic.
This is a good tasting flavored coffee. The blueberry taste could be a little stronger and the roast could be a little stronger as well, but the light roast does make for a good morning coffee to wake you up and the blueberry flavor makes this a good breakfast coffee as well. This will certainly make my list of regular coffee flavors.
I'm not a huge flavored coffee fan, but for some reason this one piqued my interest and I had to try it.As others have mentioned, it smells incredible while brewing - very fresh and strongly blueberry scented, which honestly is a tiny bit offputting at first.  But from the first sip it isn't nearly as strongly flavored, and the scent settles down quickly. I will say that the first cup carried a slight artificial flavor, but I don't notice it now that I'm used to the flavor.I'm left thinking perhaps coffee - with it's natural berry/fruit flavor - is the perfect foil to blueberry, something I never thought I'd say.  It just has this deep, complex fruitiness that "goes" much better than I'd have imagined.For the moment, anyway, this has replaced my normal breakfast blend as my go-to cup.  Another thing I *never* thought I'd say... I might have to see if this comes in decaf (ugh, decaf?) because I am drinking entirely too much!
This is my favorite late evening cup of coffee.  Nice flavor, just right before retiring for the night. Keep stocking this brand and I will keep coming back for it!!
I love the Wolfganag Puck flavors.  This Vienna blend is very nice.  It is medium roast so it is not too strong.  Has a wonderful flavor without being a flavored coffee.  One of my favorites.
Never got a delivery as fast as we did this time.  We were running low on our special coffee. We have sampled many K-cup coffees, some in assorted packs and decided this is the best.  It is mellow, never bitter and always totally enjoyable.
This is the best k cup coffee that we have been able to find.  Very rich flavors and a medium + roast.  We love this one!
My family is full of coffee snobs.  If you like robust coffee and use k-cups, this is the product for you.
the aroma is awesome!!  love the flavor, really gets you going in the morning.  prompt delivery, this is definatly my husbands favorite single cup coffee
I was surprised to find out the coffee from my sampler had coconut in it.  I bought a sampler of k-cups to try different flavors and would sit aside the ones that I liked to order in the future.After drinking Jamaica Me Crazy not realizing the ingredients just knowing I liked it.  When ordering, reading through the reviews realized it had coconut in it and that was what made the taste so yummy, leaving me wanting more.  I was hesitant to buy but decided to go for it and am really glad I did.  Everyone I have shared my coffee surprise with loves it too.
Bought this during one of Amazon's Friday Sales.  Did not find too many reviews since these are fairly new.  Took a chance and am very pleased.  We like our coffee rich and strong and this one delivers.  Great tasting dark roast coffee!
I got this with the purchase of 24 different bold coffee k-cups to find the ones I like best, and so far this is my favorite. It may not be bold enough for some, but it is not supposed to compete with the 'extra bold' varieties. This was smooth and not nearly as bitter as many bold coffees. So many bold blends have a 'burned' flavor, leaving a bad taste in your mouth, this one was strong without the bad aftertaste, perfect for me!
If you like vanilla flavored coffee, this is it!! I put a french vanilla creamer in and no other sweetner is needed. I have it every day and I'll always order ahead so I don't run out.
Great coffee.  Has a nice bold taste for a medium roast coffee. This is my new favorite. Give it a whirl.
This k-cup is one of my favorites along with Coffee People's Jet Fuel and Black Tiger.  If you like a strong, rich coffee, this will fit the bill.
This is my husband's favorite coffee but we can no longer buy it in our hometown.  I was always buying it when we went out of town and had to purchase a large amount.Now I purchase only through your service.  It's quick and easy and receipt is very fast even with standard shipping.  Thanks so much for the service.  Amazon.com is the way to shop.
This coffee smells wonderful when it's brewing- Excellent to wake up to.While Eight O'Clock Bokar is my preferred morning brew, the Italian Roast is a nice change of pace.Italian Roast is also very nice after dinner with desert.It's best made in small batches as it does not hold well so just brew as much as you will use in 20 minutes or so after brewing.Eight O'Clock Italian Roast is not the finest coffee you'll ever have but it's very, very good for the price.
This is a serious espresso. 100% Pure Espresso Roast Kona coffee that produces the finest espresso you will ever have.It's extremely smoooooth and rich and not even a hint of bitterness. If you're looking for the best cup of espresso you just found it!!!!
OK, here we are, get ready to loose weight and get your insurance policy that you wanted :) only 60 calories can make your healthy breakfast even better with a 2 calories coffee, oh yes.. coffee has 2 calories in it. If I am too hungry, I eat 2 of them with my 5 coffee cups, 130 calories only will calm my monster stomach till 1:00pm :) I recommend this product to anyone
I have really fallen for flavored coffees and I consider these to be some of the best-- so much so that I'm on the regular shipment list now.  I'm sure I drink too much of this but I love the flavors.  Try it, I'm sure you'll like it.
Finally someone selling great coffee in an actual one pound package. The flavor is stronger than some might me used to, myself I'm used to European coffees, so I like it strong. If you have an adjustable brew machine you might not want in on the strong setting.
I am very fond of this coffee enough so that I am willing to go a bit out of my way to get it. At first the idea of instant coffee turned me off since usually I brew my own, but I like the taste of the coffee and how it makes me feel.  I am not experiencing any jitters and find the ganoderma invigorating.  It is easy to make and I would recommend this product.  The company I ordered this with shipped it here to Hawaii within a few days.
Perfect coffee with great flavor.It's not too strong or weak which is a decided positive if you want to cut back on caffeine and still enjoy your coffee.I felt it would be a challenge to make the switch but haven't noticed any big difference at all. Used to be an  iffy situation as the pods leaked but this has been corrected and is not a problem at all.
I love my new coffee storage drawer. It hold 30 K cups and it is a good use of space. I sit my Keurig coffeemaker on top of it and my coffee center is is very organized. It does not take up any more counter space than my coffeemaker.
We have tried MANY of the different flavors of coffee but the ITALIAN ROAST is my Husband's favorite.  May cost a bit more then others but WELL WORTH THE Price.  Give it a try if you like a stronger but NOT oily coffee
This is so good it is hard to explain. I have been mixing this half and half with my morning coffee. Even straight it is very good. I will be buying again.
Based on some reviews I was a little hesitant because I like my coffee to be creamy.  This natural alternative is fantastic and makes my coffee nice and creamy.  Will continue to purchase!
I buy this tea in bulk because I drink it at work (beats the heck out of bad office coffee) and everyone who smells it wants to try it.  I have had the other version (spice chai) and love that this tea is also made in the double spice version.  I've had chai tea many places, and I've yet to find one with the beautiful flavor this one has.  The packaging is convenient, individually wrapped and easy to dispense in the box - I keep it on my desk and invite people to come by and grab one.  This tea includes clove, cinnamon, and cardamom and black tea - a wonderful, flavorful concoction.
I use 5 hour energy as a replacement for coffee because coffee was irritating my throat and eliminated the desire to drink coffee5-Hour Energy - Berry, 1.93-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 12)
These things are the best for long nights of last minute homework! Its so nice not having to get an upset stomach after drinking a whole pot of coffee. Instead one little bottle and im good for hours! I think this is the best product out there for energy.
I got this for the office.  I was hesitant at first because there are a lot of people who do not like flavored coffees but did it anyway.  This coffee has such a nice aroma that it won over even the firmest of critics.  It tastes wonderful and smells great.
Melitta has hit a home run with their Parisian Vanilla flavored ground coffee. As soon as you open the bag, you're hit with a nice burst of fragrant vanilla scent, paired with the delicious smell that (for me, at least), promises a bright start to your day.The Parisian vanilla flavor is strong enough to be noticeable, but subtle enough to not overpower the coffee flavor that I crave to get me going in the morning. It complements other flavors that are added with it, as well, so if you've got a favorite Hazelnut creamer that you're worried this will clash with, don't. The vanilla flavor in this coffee plays well with others.The coffee itself brews up sweet, strong, and not at all bitter. Melitta has created a collection that just gives you a good cup of joe to start your day with. And with flavor this rich, you just might find yourself leaving that sugar bowl alone. You really don't need it with this flavor in Melitta's Cafe Collection!Enjoy!
The vanilla flavor is there but not overpowering. I use cream and sugar with my coffee and the combination works well, which isn't true of all flavored coffees. With h&h and sugar the taste is very smooth and "polite". But it's decent black as well. There's no sweetness (sometimes a problem with vanilla and hazelnut flavoring, and the result can be cloying.) It doesn't seem to provide a massive caffeine jolt; morning java addicts beware.The only negative is the bag, which is so firmly sealed shut that pulling it open is barely an option and would probably result in a mess. It's best to cut it open and store the coffee in something more manageable.
I recently bought an espresso maker  De'Longhi BAR32 Retro 15 BAR Pump Espresso and Cappuccino Maker  which I love, and wanted some good coffee to go with it.  Originally I was going to buy the illy espresso, but I saw this and it's cheaper and got great reviews, which are definitely well-deserved.  It's so delicious and I love the smell of the coffee - it's chocolaty.  MMMmmmmmmm.
I use this espresso for my electric espresso maker to make hot and iced lattes. It's bold.I usually buy this coffee - Lavazza Caffe Espresso Ground Coffee, 8-Ounce Cans (Pack of 4) - but wanted to try something that had a little more punch. This coffee is smooth (i.e. not acidic) but it packs a big flavor. If you're looking for a coffee that packs a good punch, this is the one. If you want more subtlety, I would go for the for the Lavassa Caffe Espresso.
I'm no coffee aficionado but I know what doesn't suck, and this coffee doesn't. It works well in my stovetop espresso maker as well as in the ol' Bunn. When I use it in my French press it's pretty dreggy but I like it like that. Alls I can say is this coffee is bold and flavorful and has pretty much become my everday coffee.
Coffee taste is a personal preference. I love coffee and Illy medium roast espresso beans are among my favorites. That's not why I buy Illy for the office however. I buy it for use in my office because the beans stay perfectly fresh in the super sturdy sealed cans for a very long time. Three month old cans open as fresh as 3 day old cans. So, I can buy 6 cans at a time, and never run out!
I loved this product since I like to have a variety of flavored coffees at any one time and buying individual packages can be expensive.
The variety of coffee that I received was Great. The price was outstanding as well. I would definitely purchase the variety pack again!
My variety pack consisted of no more than 3 of the same k cup.  The product description given in the possibilities for k cups was accurate.  I did not get all of the options listed (it clearly states that you *may* receive those k cups) but I also did not get anything that was not listed.  There were no surprises.  It arrived within 2 days (I have Amazon Prime).  This was a good option for me as a new coffee drinker to learn what I liked at a good price.  I highly recommend this variety pack.
If you like vanilla, you will enjoy the taste of this mixture. I don't put sugar in my coffee, but I gave this a try and it was delicious. I'm sure it will taste great in hot chocolate and sprinkled on cupcakes.
This coffee tastes great in the morning.  It is an excellent value and highly recommended for all decaf coffee lovers. The price is right.
I do not like my coffee bitter but I also don't like it to be tasteless either. I have tried so many different brands of coffee for my Keurig and this is my favorite. It's not bitter and has a nice smooth coffee flavor. Just an all around good cup of coffee.
The coffee was delicious. I believe Costa Rica grows the best coffee in the world. The price was reasonable for fresh coffee from Costa Rica.
Tully's Italian Roast K-cups is the best coffee I have ever had. Each k-cup is vacuum sealed to give it it's optimal freshness. It's bold flavor makes a perfect cup of coffee every time. It was received within a few days after ordering from Amazon. Fifty individual k-cups are packaged in a cardboard box. Thanks Amazon for the  convenience and I now am able to kick back and just enjoy a great product.
This is one of the best coffees that I have bought. If you like strong, full flavor coffee then this is the one to buy. I'd definetly buy it again.
This is my favorite K-Cup!  I keep trying others but I always come back to this one. I'm not a coffee snob and I really don't know much about coffee but I know this tastes great! It smells amazing and isn't bitter.  This is a little harder to find in stores but amazon's prices beat the stores anyway.
It is for everybody who likes medium roast European coffee.Good for french press.
Audubon 'Shade Song' French Roast is not only a great way to start your day, but with this coffee you can be sure your are getting a Habitat and Earth Friendly, 100% Organic coffee, and fair treatment to workers. Audubon's mission is to "...conserve and restore natural ecosystems, focusing on birds, other wildlife and their habitats for the benefit of humanity and the earth's biological diversity."While so many other coffee farmers are trying to increase their coffee farming output by using full sun farming, Audubon has managed to come up with wonderful beans without cutting down trees or destroying the natural habitats of birdsongs, butterflies and other life. No pesticides are used and what you get is coffee beans that have absorbed all the natural flavors of the earth around it.This 'Shade Song French Roast' makes an outstanding brew. It is what may be called bold. I'll say it is a strong and satisfying cup of coffee. This comes from someone who doubles up on those pre-measured packets they give you in hotel rooms for a 4 cup pot(which is usually 2 for me). I found the Shade Song to be very fresh, very flavorful, with a wonderful aroma as well.It's very difficult to find shade grown,organic at my local markets;now that I know The Audubon Society has their own brand that tastes great as well protecting the the rainforest habitats, I'll be sticking with it and maybe even trying some of the other varieties. Also I can use a little less per cup than most other coffees, so for me it is a bargain to boot.Enjoy....Laurie
I enjoy a good cup of Ethiopian coffee and was excited to taste this brew. My preferred method is a press-pot (AKA French press) so I can taste every nuance of the coffee. The richness was outstanding, with a great full mouth feel and a fruit (berry) forward finish, especially as the coffee cooled. You will not be disappointed. Camano Island Coffee Roasters corrected any previous packaging problems.
It's a great flavor and makes a great cup of coffee. I fine you can have more than 1 cup of this coffee and not feel like it's too much of a flavored coffee. Puck has captured a great flavor with this coffee.
Fantastic taste, smooth "feel", no nasty aftertaste, pairs great with creamer. What more can one want from a coffee? This has become my favorite.
These K-Cups are great! The coffee is mild and yummy, but still very flavorful. I love this, cant wait to get my next shipment!
My friend says she loves this coffee and has never been able to find it in the local stores where we live.  Aha, she did not know that Amazon sells just about anything you could want - no tax and free shipping.  What could be better.
Wolfgang Puck coffees are very good. This particular flavor of decaf is delicious - doesn't taste like decaf at all, very rich & flavorful. Also, this was a very good value for the price. I've recommended this product to several friends.
I am on a gluten free diet and enjoy the ginger snaps as a snack.  My cookie jar is often empty as my husband loves to eat them too. We have bought them at major grocery and health food stores. It is wonderful to have fresh ones delivered.  The next order is for 2 boxes a month but then one box a month until winter.  I must try them in cooking:  sauerbraten or pie filling.  They are very tasty and great with tea or coffee.  I receive the MI-Del Ginger Snaps from Amazon.
My mix was almost perfect...5 different teas...1 cocoa....25 different coffees with only 4 repeats....2 were iced coffee and only 2 decaf.........9 dif Wolfgang Puck....1 jet fuel...1 caribou...2 Tully...13 diff green mountain... I didn't know they had so many flavors.....I will order again
I was sent a nice assortment of coffees.  It was delivered in a generic white box.  I usually keep my k cups in a sealed canister so I was not put off by the packaging.  I split the shipment with my brother so he could try the different k cups, too.To my surprise, I liked flavored coffee.  I have tried different flavors in the past and thought them just okay at best.  I enjoyed this sampling; however, I will not purchasing a majority of them again.  I did buy a box of the India Chai.  It was yummy.
I have been purchasing Large French Vanilla Iced Coffee's from Dunkin Donuts for at least 12 years now.  Recently I've become frustrated at the stupidity of the workers that they employ and their inability to make my coffee the way that I ask for.  They also sometimes give me decaf without telling me simply because they are out of regular, too lazy to make more, and think that I won't notice.  Couple that with the fact it cost me $2.75 for every iced coffee I purchase and I simply have had enough.  I found out about this on a deal website and figured hey why not.  It tastes great, gives me a good pick me up, and doesn't have a lot of the bad things that are in energy drinks.  Sure it has the energy blend that most do and also (some of which you might not need) but other then that it has all natural ingredients.  It has real milk and real coffee and I don't miss my Iced Coffee one bit.  I order 3 12 packs and already have an order placed for when they are back in stock.  At 65 cents a can (after the coupon) you can't go wrong.  Only problem was some of the cans of the second shipment were pretty dented up but its not a deal breaker.  I even wrote the company about the freshness of the product seeing how there was no expiration date and they told me how to read the code on the bottom of the can.  Turns out the ones I received had a born on date of 12/14/2010 that is perfectly acceptable.
I like just dropping the filter pack (or two or three)in my coffee pot, filling the water chamber... tasty coffee- no mess.
Friends recommended this to me.  It has a strong "coffee" taste & I use it for an iced coffee mixed with almond milk & a bit of hershey syrup if I want to give it a mocha taste. Make sure you use the amount it says, you don't need much.
I LOVE Dandy Blend!  The flavor is close enough to coffee to satisfy my need for a cup o'joe.  I buy a large bag of it so I can make my cup a little stronger.  I like that I'm drinking an herbal blend, there are no added sugars or flavors, just a nice natural blend of goodness that is mighty tasty!!
I love coffee, but can only drink decaf.  It's very hard to find a good decaf French Vanilla, but Baronet makes it right.  Works well with Black and Decker or Senseo single cup coffee makers.
I love my Keurig machine and find the different flavored coffees to be such a nice indulgence.  I really enjoy this vanilla biscotti from Folgers.  Just has such a nice flavor and is a great afternoon treat.
I love this coffee. Great taste and great way to start your morning. If you like flavored coffee you will like this.
These K-Cups are great! The coffee is mild and yummy, but still very flavorful. I love this, cant wait to get my next shipment!
This coffee is so smoothe.  I brew my morning cup with the medium cup size and it is delicious. It is a little weak on the large cup size setting.
the aroma is awesome!!  love the flavor, really gets you going in the morning.  prompt delivery, this is definatly my husbands favorite single cup coffee
I find this particular brand as good as the local coffee shop coffee (D.D.) which is a compliment to the maker. I have made this particular brand my #1 choice.
Definately not what I'd expected with the Wolfgang Puck name on it.  To me, Wolfgang Puck has conotations of a heavy, dark-roast European-style coffee.  I thought I'd already found my perfect coffee in Timothy's World Coffee, Breakfast Blend for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count K-Cups (Pack of 2) but this one edges it out.  Smooth and balanced it really is great from the first sip till the last drop.There will never be a coffee that all coffee lovers will agree on but if you like a light-medium roast, give the Breakfast in Bed blend a try.  Very low in acidity, someone who can't tolerate the acidity in coffee may be able to enjoy this blend.  But, be aware and contrary to popular belief, light roast coffee is typically higher in caffine than the dark roast coffees, the extended roasting to produce a dark roast burns away some of the caffine. This one will definately get you going in the morning in a good way.Those who prefer a dark roast or extra bold should probably look elsewhere.
Light vanilla favor....not overpowering. Nice coffee, the first box that was purchased was too light on the vanilla flavor and aroma....surprisingly the 2nd box was much better.  One of my new favorites.
This one will not disappoint!  I got this yesterday and my husband and I tried it this morning with breakfast and we both loved it.  I have gotten many different kinds of the k-cups to try but after trying this one, I think I could be happy with just this one and black tiger for those mornings when I want a really strong cup of coffee.  The rodeo drive blend is delicious with a nice round feel on the palate and an interesting flavor on the finish with just a hint of smokiness.  Perfectly balanced and absolutely wonderful!  Plus, I have to admit...I love the label. The different color looks very appealing on my carousel with the other k-cups.
I want to try other types of coffee but I am so stuck on this one that it's hard to try anything else!  This is a mild roast.  Medium or dark roast is too strong for me these days.  The hazelnut flavor it very nice and every cup brewed is superb.  I have been drinking this Wolfgang Puck Hawaiian Hazelnut for at least 6 months and it never fails to please.  Give it a try :)
If you like a bolder coffee with rich flavor, that is not bitter or burnt tasting, full of flavor this is the one to drink.
I first tasted this at my uncle's house on Christmas morning, after he got a Keurig and hooked it up for everyone's enjoyment.I can say without a doubt, that this is the best coffee I have ever tasted. It's absolutely *perfectly* balanced, without a hint of bitterness. Just smooth as silk, it's the kind of coffee that makes you take a sip, curl up in your chair and sigh in satisfaction at the taste. This coffee is actually prompting me to buy a Keurig of my own now, and this will be the very first blend that will go in it.
I am a picky coffee drinker and really like this House Blend by Tully. Very rich but smooth taste. Easy on the taste buds and stomach. This will be a regular purchase for me.
For those who want to try cooking in the Mayan style this spice is a must for making Cochinita Tacos.  It's a tough seed to work with, but a coffee grinder makes short work of turning it into a powder for marinating pork.
I love this coffee, but would prefer a finer grind, better suited for drip-filter systems.
Much richer taste than the Senseo pods that I used until they were no longer readily available. One Senseo pod made a 4 oz cup of good coffee. The World Blend Decaf pod makes a robust, delicious 8 oz cup - as good as it gets.
Excellent coffee; very smooth; no after taste left in the mouth; certainly plan to purchase again
I've tried lots of brands of mints but have found no substitute for the refreshing, non-sugary flavor of Brach's Star Brites. I love to toss one in my cup of hot coffee, tea or cocoa. (Yum!) I sometimes place one in my coffee pot when starting up my drip coffeemaker: it dissolves completely by the time the coffee is ready and adds the tiniest hint of minty aftertaste to every sip. With only 20 calories, 5 carbs and 0 fat per mint, I don't mind using them freely.
I love this coffee as a wake me up in the morning. It has a deep dark bold flavor that I love. I like my coffee strong and this fits the bill.
Obviously, one's preference for coffee is a personal thing. I happen to like this particular coffee very much. It is strong enough, but not bitter. I bought two boxes on sale, but the regular price of the K-cups has been rising beyond the point that I will spend for a homemade cup of coffee. Instead, I have been using pods for the Senseo machines. I got an adaptor for the Keureg, and they work fine for less than half the price. I also have an adaptor for ground coffee, the cheapest alternative, so I always have lots of choices for coffee flavors.
I received the coffee on time as promised.  Paul Newman's coffee is fantastic! It has a very rich and robust flavor. I will buy it from now on!
We heard about this coffee before leaving for Jamaica so we pick up some and have fell in love with it.  The best we have had yet smooth without that bitter after taste so many other coffee have.
I am the happy recipient of a NICE sized sampler box of the Vanilla Skyline coffee, which is absolutely delicious. The aroma that fills my kitchen while I am brewing it pales in comparison to the delicious flavor of taking that first sip. I am thoroughly enjoying this coffee and look forward to trying the other flavors available. Thank you so much for being so generous with your samples, and letting me be lucky enough to win one!
Most delicious coffee we have found for our Pavoni. Promptly delivered and exactly as requested.
As a bachelor who frequently must grab a cup of joe at home and run, i was reluctant to waste coffee in my Braun drip machine, and disinclined to clean up after the French Press method.  A New York Times article convinced me that a Pod system would be the way to go, and i found the Philips Senseo machine to be the best at the consumer level.  Alas, the Douwe Egberts pods that come with are, um, IMHO, not good.A brief web search led me to Aloha Island's Senseo-style pods, and i ordered a box of their single serving espresso pods.  The package arrived swiftly, and the box of pods was swaddled in styro-peanuts:  nice touch!  i immediately placed a pair in the Senseo unit and let it do its thing.  Wow!  The quality of the coffee is, to date, unparalled.  Rich, smooth, and frothy, almost like a latte before the milk is added.  And i was surprised that the yield was about one ounce greater than with the DE pods.I'm a believer, an advocate, and a confirmed drinker and fan.  Thanks and Mahalo!
Flavored coffee creamers have been a guilty pleasure of mine for a long time now, but even if you buy the sugar-free kind, you're ingesting a whopping 1 gram of fat per tablespoon of creamer. As if that weren't bad enough, it's partially HYDROGENATED!Splenda Flavor Blends is a wonderful alternative if you're like me and just can't face black coffee. Please note that this is not a creamer. It sweetens/flavors coffee. If you find you just have to have creamer to "tame" down your coffee you can add a Splenda Flavor blend and a splash of skim milk or if you like things more creamy, buy some powdered non-fat milk and add that along with the Splenda Flavor blends.Lots of times, I find products with Splenda already in them to be too sweet but I didn't think that was the case with this. All three of the available flavors (hazelnut, mocha, vanilla) taste great without being overpowering.Finally, now I can kick that fatty creamer bad habit!
I love these Splenda flavors for coffee.........I especially like the mocha and use it regularly in my coffee.  It's not always easy to find in my small town, and so easy to order online for home delivery.
I love this flavor! Makes my coffee taste so much better!!Such an extra treat in the morning! Look forward to it every day! I could not find it in the stores any longer and thank God Amazon sells it!
I will buy this variety pack again and again. I get bored with the same coffee every day and this decaf sampler gives you a chance to change it up every day. There's also a nice variety from milder breakfast blends to extra bold decaf for later in the day. Thank you for offering a sampler box. It will be my new standard order from now on!!
This coffee might be decaf, but it gives a big punch of taste. love that I have the choice of four great coffees to choose from and that each one is excellent. Great value, too, for those of us that drink a lot of coffee.
I absolutely love this blend of coffee!  I was extremely happy to find it in the k-cups and it tastes just as great!
love it!  I like strong coffee.  This is it!  I got a great price too!  I am going to order this one again!
I love the Keurig coffeemakers because I prefer mild or flavored coffees, while other family members love the dark roasts--and this one certainly fits the bill! The "Double Black Diamond" moniker is appropriate, for it has a bold, dark flavor and aroma that was a hit with those in my family who like strong coffee. This size box (50) makes the cost-per-cup a good deal. Highly recommended.
I love K-Cups coffee.  They are easy and one always has a FRESH cup of coffee in less than a minute.  However, coffee this way can be quite expensive.  I myself use those refillable cups that one can find on amazon.  I have a half dozen of them.  I fill them with grocery store cheap brand and set my Keurig for the 6oz expresso cup.  It makes great strong coffee.  My wife on the other hand is lazy and doesn't want to mess with the two seconds it takes to fill the refillable little baskets.  She loves the Green Mountain Extra bold and as I buy it for her she doesn't care how much it costs.  It's good coffee and keeps my wife of forty years off my back.  I'd pay twice as much for that feature alone.
I love the bold taste of this coffee. No aftertaste or bitterness. I love the frustration free packaging. And at $0.60 per cup it's a great value for a k-cup!
Bought a Keurig for times when a single cup of coffee is all that is needed.  What I had not anticipated was that my husband was underwhelmed with the assortment of coffees that came with the brewer... until I found the Double Black Diamond Extra Bold. Now my Keurig is being used for afternoon coffee breaks and I don't feel like my "investment" is headed to a yard sale/thrift shop anytime soon.  If you are a lover of stronger, premium coffee, this may be exactly what you are looking for when a pot of coffee is simply too much for one.
i use this for a stovetop espresso coffee maker and it worksgreat and the taste is nice and smooth.  All lavazza coffeesare extremely good.
I use this espresso for my electric espresso maker to make hot and iced lattes. It's bold.I usually buy this coffee - Lavazza Caffe Espresso Ground Coffee, 8-Ounce Cans (Pack of 4) - but wanted to try something that had a little more punch. This coffee is smooth (i.e. not acidic) but it packs a big flavor. If you're looking for a coffee that packs a good punch, this is the one. If you want more subtlety, I would go for the for the Lavassa Caffe Espresso.
Yes i did say drip. I have now tried 2 different lavazza brands. This is the better of the two but do not discount the other as i love it equally. I will continue to buy both as i love the occasional change up. If you use this in a drip coffee pot i would suggest staring out with using just over half of the normal amount you usually use then move on from there. With other brands including starbucks i would use 1 - 1.5 scoops per cup. So in my 5 cup maker depending on what taste i was going after i would use up to 8 scoops. With both lavazza coffees i have found 3-3.5 scoops is ideal in my 5 cup maker. It takes a few times to get it in your head that so much less coffee works but it does.
This is my favorite because the bitter aftertaste is gone. Keep in mind that you should use less than you are used to, like 1/4, at first until you become used to stevia's sweetness and can adjust your beverage. This is NOT for baking. For that, you need NuNaturals Morefiber Stevia Baking Blend Powder, 14.11-Ounce, and  you might have to cut back the quantity there, too, tho not as much. Stevia is very sweet, but has no calories and is non-glycemic. It's great in iced or hot tea, coffee, hot chocolate, and many other things, but not everything. It's worth trying tho, for the sweetness without the health problems of sugar.
I made the switch from coffee to tea last year, then the switch from black to green this year, now I'm waffling between this Mojito MInt and the Jasmine tea.  Each have just the right amount of caffeine, and a bright, floral flavor.  Delicious!
I love that Starbucks has coffee available by the package and I can brew at home.  It saves me the trip.  I am a bzz agent and was able to try this free at home and review it.  Now I'm hooked.  Definitely check it out!  YUM!
THIS IS A GREAT STRONG ROBUST COFFEE.THIS IS THE ONLY COFFEE WE ALLOW IN THE HOUSE. STRAIGHT FROM NEW ORLEANS
What's to say!  It's great coffee if you like flavored coffees.  My other like is the Green Mtn. Nantucket blend.  These are great coffees for our Keurig brewer.  I shop the internet for the best prices for the Green Mountain coffees.
I love this coffee. They don't make a quality blueberry creamer but this is an excellent product. It tastes great and the aroma is fantastic. I'm just glad Amazon now sells it directly so i get it super quick and with free shipping :)
If you like blueberry you will love this product!  This coffee is great on a whole new level!  It has great flavor and works with any Keurig type of brewer.
Green Mountain Wld Blueberry is absolutely wonderful! Fantatic flavor and always a perfect cup. As with most flavored coffee's thier true flavor comes out best it seems when you add just a touch of cream and sugar but this one is worth it!
The coffee came really fast and so fresh! I am always happy with my amazon purchases. Will continue to order from this site.
The Gloria Jean's Hazelnut K cups i ordered were full of delicious coffee.  So convenient to have my favorite flavor available to me in such a short time.  The price was a real deal as well.  Best value I've found so far.
We were preparing to leave for a trip to Crater Lake and we could NOT buy coffee pods ANYWHERE b/c of the shortages.I immediately ordered from Aloha Island and they delivered on time 2 days before our trip. We enjoyed drinking Kona Breakfast Med Roast coffee on our vacation.  Thank you for making it a pleasant trip!  Excellent coffee taste!
I like the packaging (individually wrapped) and the taste of the coffee.  Can't find a thing wrong with it.
This coffee is not for light coffee drinker! This coffee is EXTREMELY bold, strong and smooth. I love this coffee. I highly recommend.
Order arrived quickly, earlier than stated -  coffee is great and makes a great iced coffee... I will order these again.
I love my coffee strong and black, but I don't like the harsh and sometimes burned flavors that many extra-bold K-cups have.  Double Black Diamond is the perfect blend for me; I actually hoard my supply in my house.  The flavor is more intense than many others while still maintaining balance.  Not for the faint-of-heart, this blend approached but stops short of espresso strength.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
I personally do not like this coffee.  However my husband loves it because it is very strong.  I like a nice medium cup, so this is not for me.  I tried it once and just could not drink it.  My husband says its a real full bodied coffee.
This was one of the best extra-bold coffees that I have EVER had!  If you like Sumatran Reserve and Dark Magic, you'll like this coffee even more.  I will definately buy more of this!!
rich strong bold tasting coffee in the morning is what you like than this one is for you. if not than don't buy it.
I've tried lots of different coffees in my Kuerig brewer located in my office.  I like strong coffee, but it also has to be smooth.  Some of the stronger coffees tend to be bitter, but at least for me the double black diamond is smooth and tasteful.  While I drink some other flavors just for variety, this is by far my favorite for that first cup in the morning.
There is nothing really special about these t-discs coffee. It's not very strong, but it does radiate a fresh roasty flavor when brewed. This is definitely the most convenient way for me to brew coffee while in the office where I don't want to deal with the mess of coffee beans.
I LUV flavored coffee.  I've outgrown some flavors and replaced them with others.  But, I never grow tired of Gloria Jean's Butter Toffee.  Plus, I subscribe and get 15% off all my coffee orders at Amazon, with quick delivery, to boot.  Gotta love this place!!!
I recently purchased a single serve cofee maker and was shopping for the K cup coffee pods for it.  I found these on Amazon.com in lots of 50 for a good price.  It is also available on the subscribe and save option available at Amazon.com.  It is very convenient ordering it this way. I use Amazon's subscribe and save option for several products. My products arrive on time, consistently. They also have a terrific variety of K cup coffee and tea flavors.
Buying coffee this way saves money . Everyone in the family likes this coffee. It is a medium blend with excellent flavor
We really enjoyed this coffee. Love buying in the bulk package. cut the top off the box and stow it away. Reach in and get a handful to put in our rack on the cabinet. The Butter Toffee flavor is so smooth. We have always enjoyed hazelnut but this is a step up in flavor. Just find a quiet corner and enjoy a cup to relax.
Butter toffee is my second favorite coffee flavor (second to hazelnut).  As we go through a lot of coffee, we purchase our K-Cups in bulk so we're always looking for the best price per K-Cup.  We've tried other flavors from Gloria Jean's Coffees, and we have been satisfied with all of them so far.  We keep our K-Cups on the Keurig 5060 K-Cup Carousel, Chrome so we're okay that the K-Cups ship in this box.  Highly recommended!
If you have a Keurig or are about to purchase one, you MUST get these refillable cups as well. I love the simplicity of the Keurig and being able to make one cup of coffee at a time. However, I could not stand the plastic waste of each of the tiny k-cups for the machine. Also I wanted to be able to select my own coffees to use in the machine. Some of the samples and brands that are sold to use with this machine are simply terrible!! But with these cups you simply fill the cup with your own coffee, empty, rinse and reuse. Get the 2-pack so that you can use one and fill one at the same time.
I've had various coffee's over the years, but Caffe Appassionato's Morning Passion is a very good blend that has been consistently good.For coffee lovers that like bolder coffees, such as Starbucks, but do not care for the "burnt" signature that goes with their signature taste, you will love this companies blends.
I have tried a good amount of granola bars in my time. I usually use various granola bars when doing everything from backpacking to snowbarding for hours to simple snacks throughout the day to full meals at times. Being a huge fan of both dark chocolate and coffee, this natural bar from Kashi is a great snack at any time of the day. Quality ingredients and a reasonable price is great for what you get out of these bars. The chewy texture is great when you bite into an occasional almond and there isnt too much dark chocolate bits, but just enough to go well with the mocha flavor. I usually eat one with my coffee in the morning while at the office when I am short on time or in the evening when I dont want a big meal, but want something reasonably healthy. The bars are great when short on time and need a quick pick me up. I use them with some juice in the morning when just waking and going for a spin class. Easy on the stomach at least for me. Great buy!
If you are a Vienna Finger fanatic, order these.  They satisfy my late night sugar cravings.  They are not too sweet, but just sweet enough.  If they get too sweet, just scrape the icing off, or half of the icing off.  But they are delicious, an excellent snack.  Try with milk or coffee.
This is a very full-bodied robust coffee. It's much better than any other reasonably priced coffee I've tried.
I fell in love with these delicious little hard candies after a trip to a small Japanese import store. If you've ever enjoyed tres leches cake, eaten a spoonful of sweetened condensed milk straight from the can, or delighted in the taste of dulce de leche, then you will likely adore these candies as well.About the size of a small marble, these cream-colored hard candies melt slowly into a rich, sweet milky flavor that manages to avoid being too cloyingly sweet. If you're the kind to crunch your candies, these will offer a pleasant resistance and crack/crunch satisfyingly under your teeth. The flavor is superb; I prefer to savor mine slowly, sometimes enjoying one along with a rich cup of dark coffee to enhance the sweet milky taste.Unlike any candy flavor found in traditional US markets, Japanese milk candies are a special treat. These Mikakuto Tokuno UHA 8.2 milk candies are the cream of the crop--the best of the best!
I really canot function in the morning without my PG Tips. The way people are about coffee, I am about PG Tips.  REAlly strong tea- with lots of milk and sugar! This is a great value. I like that the individual boxes are on the smaller side because they are individually wrapped and that helps the tea leaves to stay fresh until they are opened.So glad to have lots of this on hand!
This is the bestprice for Stevia we have found. Stevia is by far the best sweetner on the market today. It great in coffee or iced  tea and absolutely fantastic on fresh strawberries.
These are fine fine K cups. I like the BIG box. Less trips to the store. Coffee is divine with breakfast or any time!
I think that buying the coffee this way is the best way to get the most bang for your buck. The coffee tastes great.
The Green Mountain Breakfast Blend provides a perfect start for my mornings.  I do not like the strong robust blends that many prefer.  The Green Mountain Breakfast Blend is the perfect lighter blend to exactly match my needs for a cup of coffee to start my day. When I searched on Amazon.com Green Mountain Coffee  Breakfast Blend,  K-Cup Portion Pack for Keurig K-Cup Brewers, 12-Count (Pack of 3) for the Green Mountain Breakfast Blend and found it at a wonderful price for three twelve packs, I had to make the purchase.  I was not disappointed.  In a couple of days I received my order.  I am drinking a cup as I write. I enjoy the flavor of the coffee with just a little sweetener added. A perfect start to my day.
This coffee is perfect for those who don't like strong coffee shop coffee.  It's mild yet has a bold flavor.  I actually make two cups with each k-cup.  That helps me save lots of money and works perfectly when I want more than one cup in the morning.  Second cup is lighter, but it still has good flavor.
PERFECT for breakfast or anytime of day!! Have shared with others and they agree -mild and smooth flavor -no strong coffee taste -flavor is just right!!
This is an excellent coffee. It has a full flavor but not overpowering.  The Keurig K-cup system is great for single cup use or where one likes to drink various coffees.  Amazon's prices are  very competetive and the shipping is fast.
I give this 5 stars. This is my favorite of all the K cups I've tried. Trust me I have tried a lot. If you like a mild coffee you will love this one.
Great coffee. Arrives when you folks say it is to be delivered.  Will continue to purchase 2 pack from Amazon when it is on sale. Very easy to place an order.
You know those absolutely wonderful Belgian waffles you make yourself at motels or hotels that are too small to have a full-on kitchen to make breakfast for their guests, but are too classy to serve just coffee? You pour a cup  of waffle batter in the waffle maker, rotate the handle, wait for the beeps, and then lift out the yummiest waffles you've ever had. I wondered for years where to get the recipe for the batter, and finally found an award-winning Executive Chef who ratted Carbon's out. This is THE stuff! Easy to make, easy to run out of! Simply delicious! Will fill your kitchen with a wonderful aroma!Amazon's price is the lowest I've found. Would make a heckuva wedding present if somebody else is giving a Belgian waffle maker!
This is a very good coffee - highly aromatic, relatively mild but full flavored. I drank some of this coffee back-to-back with a Tanzanian coffee that Coffee Review had given a score of 96 and found Reggie's Roast to be as good - at least to my tastes. Also compares favorably to my 100% Kona that is twice as expensive.
I love dark/bold coffees, and this is just perfect. Used to buy it direct from Cafe Britt  but now that I can get it from Amazon with prime, no-brainer.The coffee beans were still oily indicating freshness, perfectly roasted and great coffee.
Best Dark Full bodied K-cups in order* Starbucks French Roast (stands up well to large cup setting)* Barista Prima Italian Roast* Van Houtte Eclipse Blend* Tully's Italian Roast* Coffee People Jet Fuel* Emeril's Big Easy* Caribou Obsidian* Timothy's Midnight Magic (good, tastes like a lighter roasted Jet Fuel)* Tully's French Roast* Timothy's Parisian Nights* GMR Double Black Diamond* Timothy's Rainforest Espresso (a bit too bitter)* Wolfgang Puck French Roast* Coffee People Black Tiger* GMR Dark Magic (not bad, just that there are better)* GMR Sumatran Reserve (weird flavor)
This is the best K-cup flavored coffee in my book.  It's strong, multi-layered flavor is the perfect wake up call for me.The delivery was on time and I am a very java-jived happy customer.
My wife and I found this coffee in France during a "coffee buying spree".  We bought a little of everything and enjoyed them through out the year.  One of the more inexpensive brands (in France) is Carte Noire.  It might be common coffee in France, but to us it was the absolute best.  We order several each year.  I'm the hit with my fellow adults when I bring it to a Boy Scout camp out. My fellow adults even pout when I run out.This is some great stuff and the seller does a nice job in shipping it.  Be aware that sometimes it is out of stock, so you might join us and order a few and stock it up in the freezer.
Best stuff on the planet. I never use anything else for my coffee anymore. Wish this would be more popular since I think it tastes better than sugar.
I have an obsession with Udi's Cranberry Granola. So much so that I have Amazon deliver it to my house in 6 packs every month! I literally eat this every morning for breakfast. Some people look forward to their morning cup of coffee...I look forward to my morning bowl of Udi's!!
Just finished off my first Amazon packaged (50 count) box, and am impressed with the quality of the k-cup (ZERO wasted cups - no cups with broken seals, and no cups that resulted in a cup full o' grounds).My 5-star rating comes with a caveat.  It's not the best coffee I've had, but it is very good.  I almost gave it 4 stars, but then realized that out of all the x-bold offerings I've tried (and I've tried quite a few), it's one of my favorites at its price point.  It is a good coffee with good, bold flavor... and I did just put in an order for a second box.  My favorite from Amazon was Coffee People's Oraganic x-bold coffee (yellow foil cap).  Not sure what happened to this one, but I only see it rarely, and then at a ridiculous price (just saw it at $99 for a 24 pack... that's over $4/k-cup!!).
This has to be the one coffee that I'll purchase most often, has a good strong flavor and rich dark appearance
My Husband is a Starbucks only person.  He tasted this coffee and said it was good.  He made 2 cups right then and there. Nice Flavor.
I bought this for my hubby, he loves dark rich coffee & Dark Magic offers it. Great convenience of the Kcup makes it that much nicer.
This is my daily morning cup of coffee.  I like strong coffee and this has become my favorite. I do not like the coffee at, say, Dunkin' Donuts. In the afternoons, I like Coffee People decaf or Timothy's decaf Hazelnut.  But for a good, regular cup, Green Mountain Dark Magic Extra Bold is it.
This coffee works great for Latte's. Here's how we make it:- Pour 1/3 cup cold milk (Organic 2% works best) into ceramic mug- Add sugar if required- Microwave on high 45 secs (till milk starts to boil)- Froth-up milk using a battery operated stirrer (we bought one real cheap at Ikea)- Prepare K-cup on Medium Setting- Pour over frothed milk & enjoyThis recipe makes 2 cups of coffee for one K-cup !You can adjust the amount of milk depending on how strong you like the Latte.Beats Sbucks any day.
I love this coffee.  It's always the perfect strength, perfect temperature, and just for me.  I love never having to drink stale or old coffee just so I don't waste what's in the pot.
I have purchased quite a few K-Cup blends for the Keuring, well over a dozen.  Some were for company and friends but this one was for me and I LIKE it!  I have to be honest and say that it not my favorite but it's up there among them.  Even when I have one coffee that I like above others I try to vary my K-Cups.  Sometimes it makes me appreciate my favorite better, other times I just want something different.  Green Mountain Dark Magic is always in my Keurig carousel.This blend is not as complex as Newman's Own Bold or Coffee People's Organic Bold Roast, however it doesn't hit you over the head like Timothy's Extra Bold Rain Forest Espresso.  I have not found a K-Cup that is as bold or full-bodied as coffee that I brew in traditional methods (a French press is my favorite) but this one comes close.  All-in-all an excellent K-Cup.Coffee People Organic, Extra Bold K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50) [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging]Newman's Own Organic Special Blend Extra Bold K-cup for Keurig Brewers, 12-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)Timothy's World Coffee, Rainforest Extra Bold Espresso for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count K-Cups (Pack of 2)
This is truly rich and satisfying cup of coffee. I have been drinking it for years. It is truly equal to the best coffee I have tasted in any coffee shop.Another surprise is that is always consistent from order to order. My newest favorite coffee is now the Emerels Big Easy. Just a tad richer with a wonderful aftertaste. I will be alternating these two wonderful blends, for years to come.
Received as promised. This coffee is an unusual departure from the Keurig-oriented standards. A Flavor you can actually taste - the right combination of quality beans and proper roasting make this selection a winner in our house... I'll be looking for more of these...!
I haven't tried them all, but this has to be one of the best of the bold coffees available.A great combination of full bodied, flavorful, STRONG without being the slightest bit bitter.  Along with Newman's Own Special Blend, this is one of my favorite coffees.  A perfect morning wake-up coffee.
There is nothing so good as Dark Magic.  I wasn't that crazy about it when they changed it to be stronger a few years ago but now I like it.  I keep my Keurig brewer at the smallest cup setting and use 2 Dark Magics to fill a cup.  It's heaven.My husband likes coffee water (as someone in a review labeled it)and he goes for the Breakfast Blend on a larger cup setting.  But that is the wonderful thing about K-cups.  You can each have what you want.
We ran out of K-cups and I absolutely cannot begin my day without my coffee-jolt.  (WAY better than Red Bull, etc.)  Green Mountain Coffee is our preferred brand/flavor, so I decided to scan through Amazon.com to see if they carried it.  A 50-count box of Green Mountain Coffee, Dark Magic, (Extra Bold), was available at a crazy-low price, so I ordered it.  Not only did it arrive in perfect shape, before the promised delivery date, but there was 51 K-cups in the box!  A bonus!  Great coffee and great service at a great price!
I didn't know what to expect when I purchased this and was surprised to find a bag of fresh, oily, and fragrant beans.  Since this is one of the more affordable Costco coffees, I really wasn't expecting this to trump my favourite brands!I'm getting a much richer and smoother coffee than I was with pre-ground, vacuum sealed grounds, and beans from any other brand I've tried.Now I can make equal, if not better coffee than I can drink at coffeehouses!  Unlike some other reviewers I am having no trouble producing a strong, rich espresso from these beans.
We usually purchase Maxwell House Master Blend pre-ground and enjoy it very much, but when we started to buy the whole bean coffee and grind it fresh everyday....WOW! We were so surprised that it would be that big of a difference. It only takes a minute or two to grind it fresh and it makes a world of difference...Try it! :)
Okay this is seriously awesome! If you've had Starbucks or other coffee places that make a pumpkin latte you will forget all about them when you make your own with this. I loved this and I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone! I have had quite a bit of pumpkin stuff in my life recently (October so who hasn't?) but this is my favourite I'm thinking about using it to make cookies with :D if I did they would rock! If you haven't ordered this yet go and do so right NOW!
Anyone who love chai lattes but not the huge calorie in take from coffee shop versions will love this.  It tastes just as wonderful and is a soothing treat on cold nights.  Highly recommended!
I came across this coffee recently on amazon after shopping for Cafe du Monde coffee with chicory and some Keurig K cups. Somehow or another this coffee popped up on the bottom of the page and I clicked and read the reviews. Decided I would give it a try before purchasing another can of Cafe du Monde or any of those weak tasting k cups. I have always noticed the coffee in Kroger and was alsways hesitant on getting it. When Cafe du Monde was no longer available locally and I live too far to go to the local Asian market, I started getting it here. Well, let's just say I am very glad Chock full o'Nuts was introduced to me!!! Oh my, I was hooked after the first cup. You can clearly see the major difference when you pour it! So dark and rich, nothing can compare to it! I purchased a small can that day just to try, I mean let's be honest who wants to spend $12 on a can of coffee that you may hate. After that morning cup, I went back to Kroger and picked up 4 of those large cans and have been brewing away ever since. I have a Keurig brewer and will be brewing this coffee instead of all the other weak coffees I have ordered.
Best coffee on the market-Chock full of Nuts.  My husband was instantly converted.  He had never heard of this brand until I insisted we order it.
This is my absolute favorite coffee ever! I buy it at my local Super Target for 7.14 for a 12 oz. package and I go through about one of those a week, so I was looking here for a way to buy it in bulk. However, this listing says it is $25.00 for ONE 12 oz. package??? Hmm....that'd be a good price for FOUR 12 oz. packages. ??? Amazon???
Strong enough for a decaf in the evening after dinner or with a dessert.  Timothy's coffees are by far the best K-cup brand that I have tried so far.
I must admit up front that I don't really drink cappuccino. I'm a fan of stronger, black coffees and espressos. I purchased this for other family members and friends who visit. That said, I did taste it and it tastes, well, like cappuccino: ceamy, light, sweet. Almost like hot chocolate if hot chocolate were made of coffee.The price was very good with subscribe and save and still shipped pretty fast, I think it even arrived within 2 days, though as I recall when one uses subscribe and save, in exchange for that extra discount one loses the free 2-day shipping. In any case, it arrived very quickly and the price was 11.xx I think for a 24 pack which is ok for Keurigs on Amazon. I usually expect to pay under 50 cents a cup for my favorite coffees, and this didn't disappoint.There's not much else I can say about this... the cups themselves seemed to require a little bit of a harder push than usual to puncture the bottom in the machine - the first time around it didn't puncture, but closing the top harder the second time worked. I've seen this issue before with a box I got from Sam's Club.
I love this item for keurig coffee makers. Its delicious and I would definately order from this seller again. I would like to try other flavors from the same seller.
These K-cups are delicious. They taste so good and I save alot of money on cream products because the cream is right in the coffee. I plan on buying more soon.
I like to drink XO Caf&eacute; neat in a shot glass - no ice, not mixed with other liquor, or not even with coffee. No fuss, no muss. Unlike other coffee liqueurs such as Baileys or Kahl&uacute;a, it's not so sweet and syrupy that it needs to be mixed. I enjoy the deep rich color of XO Caf&eacute; as light reflects off it, displaying amber hues toward the edge of the glass, making it even more pleasing to the eye than it was in the bottle.A sniff of this and you can't help but detect the predominant coffee aroma. But breathe in deeply and the smoky, woody notes of tequila come through. Why would anyone want to mask such deliciousness in a mixed drink? Now, if you prefer perhaps more of the tequila and less of the coffee, I would suggest what is called a "Bullfighter" - half a shot of good quality silver tequila with half a shot of XO Caf&eacute;. But for me, it's all about the coffee. And I couldn't be more pleased with XO Caf&eacute;.I think what surprised me the most was the surprisingly dry finish. There's just a hint of sweetness, but like a good dark chocolate where the rich chocolate is not masked by sugar, the light sweetness of XO Caf&eacute; does not crowd out the flavor of coffee. It's just enough to make it luxuriously smooth, with a balanced medium-weight body, highlighted by notes of tequila in the background. There's a slight burn, but not so much that I feel like I'm throwing back tequila shots like a college student. It's more sophisticated and refined, and as such, one shot of this after dinner is more than satisfying for me.
I originally tasted this as iced tea in a fine restaurant several years ago. I asked for the brand and flavor and have been ordering it ever since! When I serve it to friends they always want to know just what I had asked!My son-in-law, who does not drink coffee, visited us and I gave him some as iced tea. He loved it, took some bags home with him and has been drinking it both hot and cold ever since. He now has his father drinking it!
Seriously, it is so good!  Tea snobs that insist on using a decanter make me laugh.  "Who uses tea bags?", they say.  If you're feeling hip, you could go down to your local shopping mall, go inside a Teavana store, and spend over $100 bucks on a fancy teapot.  Or, you could just buy a stainless-steel electric water heater for $10 and this tea for under $20.  I drink at least 2 cups of the stuff at work.  While it's super easy to screw up a good cup of coffee, it's impossible to screw up a good cup of Stash Early Grey Black and Green!
If you like mild coffee, then you'll love this. If you like yours dark and burnt like Starbucks, then you won't like this. It's that simple. The flavor of this Lavazza coffee is full, but it is mild and easy on your stomach. I have had a 1-pot a day coffee habit for a good 12yrs, and this is my favorite coffee by far.As a side note, this whole-bean coffee matches almost exactly Lavazza's drip ground coffee ([...]) when you grind it coarsely.
Tim Tams are the most amazing cookie ever created. Just bite off both ends and suck a hot drink through it (like coffee or my favorite, hot chocolate). You gotta wait until it's about to fall into the drink due to over-saturation and then SLAM IT! (That means put it in your mouth and eat it.)
I agree with some of the other reviewers (for the NON-Classic syrup). I have been buying this product, mostly to add to coffee, for several years. At some point, I noticed that the flavor changed, and (to my palate at least), it was a change for the worse. After noticing some of the recent reviews, I made sure to order the "Classic" flavor when my supply started to run low. When it arrived, I taste-tested vs. the "non-Classic" syrup that I still had on hand, and (again, to my palate), the "Classic" tasted far superior. I suppose other people may prefer the new flavor, but for me, the Classic is the one I'll order from now on.
I really like this coffee creamer.  It does not require refrigeration, so it is good to take on trips.  The "Half and Half" flavor is very low in sugar, which is good for those who must control their sugar intake. It is an excellent substitute for those powdered creamers which contain a lot of sugar.I would really like it if Land O' Lakes would make some of these Mini Moo's in their sugar-free French Vanilla flavor which I always use at home.
Get real, other reviewers!  This coffee right here is obviously at least TWICE as good as what you can get directly from Nespresso on its website.  Nespresso is clearly fobbing off inferior product -- probably coffee beans made in China, or maybe even Taiwan!  Ninety-nine ninety-nine here at Amazon, or fifty-seven at Nespresso - your choice.  Just remember:  you get what you pay for... right?
Despite its name, don't expect this to be the darkest, strongest coffee you've ever had--unless you're switching from Folger's, or Gloria Jean's, or even Lavazza or whatever. The Fogbuster is a nice, dark roast that doesn't cross over into a French or espresso roast. For the past few years, our everyday coffee has been Longbottom (a local Portland roaster) Black Gold blend. The Fogbuster is milder, my wife prefers it, so it is going into a regular rotation with the Black Gold (which I recommend you coffee lovers might want to Google). I like it, too, the price is outstanding, and the five-pound bag is convenient. I'll also mention that we like Italia D'Oro from Boyd's, because along with our fondness for Longbottom, that might serve to give you some points of flavor reference. (Wouldn't it be great for Amazon to publish a chart showing that people who like coffee A also tend to like X, Y and Z?) Last thing, this coffee came in a bag just like the picture, not a clear bag as some have mentioned, and there were no issues with the way it was packed or sealed.
A perfect chocolate snack-rich dark or dairy milk coating the nut and caramel wafer blend, both crunchy and melty-tastes like honey-I crave these bars when I dont have themGreat with a packed lunch or with coffee or tea.
Ok, for some of you (NAMELY Mr. A. H. of Detroit, Michigan), anything but a chocolate sandwich cookie, embossed with Nabisco symbols and filled with white creme is a travesty, but Golden Oreos are a worthy addition to the cookie line of Nabisco. These are vanilla cookies, slightly flavored with burnt sugar, filled with the familiar white creme.Unlike classic Oreos, the Golden version have not suffered much from having trans-fats removed. The cookie is still crisp enough and the flavor is the same. By contrast, original Oreos seem a bit softer due to the change in recipe.Another good feature is the fact that Golden Oreos don't leave a dark mess on your teeth. So you can eat one and not check yourself in a hand mirror afterwards if you are being in public. This is a very nice cookie with a cup of tea or coffee and a standard in our house for teatime or dessert.
Not too bold, not too weak...not bitter.  Good way to start if your not into the real strong coffees.  My husband and I have added the Wolfgang Puck "Breakfast in Bed" line and the "Rodeo Drive" flavors to our buying ritual.
Very delicious coffee, thankfully Amazon sells this flavor now.  I have been waiting for it since I tasted this last year.  I like the fact that you sell it in a 2 Pack rather than a single.
This coffee is awesome.  Kinda bold, with a sweetness.  Excellent my son says with International's Carmel Macchiado creamer you can find in the dairy section.
This is my favorite of the flavored coffees. I am not usually a fan of coconut but this coffee is deliciously coconutty-chocolaty! Love it!
I'm loving this coffee!! It's smooth and bold but not too bold. It reminds me of starbucks coffee but not as bitter. Very very very good cup of coffee. Give it a try. I'm really glad I did.
I love coffee with no bitterness and lots of good coffee taste and this one fits the bill. Holds up well to milk & sugar-I love it in the morning for the first cup and in the evening just as much. Definitely would buy it again.
I bought this specifically for putting in my coffee in the morning... First morning...was ok..but I just didn't put enough in with the coffee. The next morning..I said what the heck..and put at least 2 tablespoonfuls in. PERFECT!! Almost drank the whole cup in one gulp! Perfect consistency for coffee and just right amount of sweetness for a perfect cup of mocha!! Glad I got 6 bottles..am sure I won't have a problem using them all!!
I really enjoy mocha coffee drinks from Starbucks and local coffee shops but I do not like the price.  I've tried making it at home and it has never tasted good enough for me to give up the real deal despite the expense.  Now that I have this mocha sauce my trips to the overpriced coffee shops are over!  This is delicious.  I just follow the instructions on the back of the bottle and it makes a wonderful coffee drink for a fraction of the cost.  Love it!  T
Got a great deal on a 24pk of this french toast coffee, and it is great!  When it brews, smells like hot pancakes and syrup cooking!  It tastes great too, just enough flavor to be enjoyed and not overwhelmingly sweet.  Take mine with a little cream and sugar.  Would buy again :)
It is the best tasting coffee I have ever had! Taste's and smells like French toast, the best flavor I have had every, yummminess in the form of coffee !!
I had this coffee at a hotel once and fell in love with it.  I searched everywhere and finally found it here.  It is a little pricey but my husband and I use it only on the weekends as a treat.  Very smooth.
We love, love, love this espresso! We've tried almost all the lavazza coffees and this one is our favorite! We have a jura espresso machine and with this espresso we have the perfect latte every time. Highly recommend it!
Great coffee - much better price when you order on a regular basis thru Amazon than you can get in grocery stores or other websites.
If you like a no frills plain cup of coffee.... This is it!  Nice smooth full flavor, not bitter!  My favorite!
My teenagers can't live without it. Instead of coffee in the morning we all drink Steaz. It gives an energy, healthy, and taste good!
Have been buying Swiss Miss Sugar-Free cocoa in the 60-envelope box for some time from Costco, but lately they discontinued carrying it, only offering a paltry 24-count box for 8 Washingtons.  I was disappointed - with one diagnosed diabetic adult, one prediabetic (chocaholic) adult, and two at-risk kids in the house, this was a great little treat with little impact on the glucometer or waistline - low carb, low calorie, no sugar, and lots of flavor.Was glad to find the 2-pack here on Amazon, and ordered two 2-packs to qualify for free Super Saver shipping to stretch our dollars, making each 60-count box approximately 12 Washingtons... take that, Costco!  ;)  lol.  It also arrived within two days or so... pleasant surprise!  :DI'm no expert but to me the cocoa is really very nice.  The kids like theirs simply mixed with very hot tap water; it mixes very easily if one adds a bit of water first to make a slurry, then fill the rest of the mug up and mix completely.  I prefer my chocolate "darker" (no longer eat milk chocolate) so add a scant teaspooon of instant coffee to the mix, make the slurry, fill the rest of the mug up and mix completely.Good little treat for the chocolate-lover.
Swiss Miss milk chocolate cocoa mix with no sugar added mixes beautifully with my drip coffee to make a fast, tasty mocha-like drink. nice way to get my calcium with no added sugar. Consistent flavor, not too sweet, balanced flavor.
I love these beans.  They are very aromatic, my entire mailbox had the aroma of vanilla for a few days following delivery!  They are moist and fresh and made delicious ice cream and vanilla pudding.  I aqlso made vanilla syrup for my coffee and made vanilla sugar.  They were a bargain, too!
This coffee is a great way to start the day. I got a great price so I bought a lot and later I got a call from Timothy's that the expiration date was soon - I could have stopped shipment they said. I didn't and we really like this selection and because of the early expiration date I gave a box or two away.
This is the best k cup coffee I have tried yet. i can brew a 7.5 and a 5 ounce from one cup, just right for my travel mug. Doubled and it is still strong. Now do they have it in decaf?
Have to agree with other reviewers, Midnight Magic is by far the best extra bold dark K-cup, and my favorite. Rich but not bitter, drink it black. Best of Timothy's and best of all brands in the extra bold dark category. There is a good reason that it is #1 seller today in coffee.
wow!!! this coffee has just the punch i was looking for.  I love starbucks but bucks is the key word.  Midnight magic gives me bang for far less the buck.  I love it and the rainforest espresso is also very good.
After reading the many positive reviews for Timothy's Midnight Magic, Extra Bold, I decided to give it a try, even though I had been very satisfied with the dark roast Coffee People pods.  I'm here to say that Midnight Magic has become my favorite.  Unfortunately, these two brands are the only two that I can positively endorse, which is too bad.  I prefer a full-bodied coffee, but just never find it with the others.
I have the Keurig coffee maker and a subscription to Timothy's coffee.  Bye, bye ...Starbucks and your $2 a cup coffee..:-)
Madhava Agave Nectar has a suprisingly mild flavor- pleasantly sweet, but not overwhelming.  I purchased the "light" nectar and have found that it is perfect for coffee and tea, hot or cold. It also works well in recipes that call for honey as an ingredient. I have made dressings and dips with it and have been delighted with the results.  Take note, however, that the consistency is a bit thinner than honey, so you may not need to use as much.  I strongly recommend this product, which is delicious and so much healthier than processed sugar products.
I've bought eight o'clock coffee for years and it's not easy to find. I was shocked to find Amazon carried it, not only much cheaper but ships free - great deal I save $4 per bag and have it shipped automatically. My first shipment arrived in 3 days.
Supermarket and buyers club beans are within my price range and what Iam used to, so with that in mind Eight O'Clock Coffee is at the top for taste and value. Since this is a blend of beans you sometimes find a mixture of slightly different sizes and colors - don't let it bother you, I believe this is the way they maintain a consistent product. Oh yes I buy from Amazon but only when it's cheaper than other sources which it occasionally is. With "subscribe and save" the last shipment was $.36 per oz.
I am not a big coffee fan but I wanted a Keurig maker. I absolutely love Chai Latte. I make two cups of it. I found that mixing it on the middle setting and one on the smallest cup setting mixed together makes it a perfect combination! It tastes just like when I used to buy it for 3x the price. It is creamy and the right amount of flavor. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a nice kick of flavor in the morning but ins't looking for the caffeine of coffee! I also enjoy this as a little treat since I am watching my weight and this doesn't make a big dent into the amount of calories I consume a day. I did wish I could find i for less expensive on Amazon as my local store has it for a better price but it is not always in stock.
I've been buying CC Dark Roast instant for a long time and I love it!  It is by far the best instant on the market.  The instant comes in very handy when I don't want to brew a lot of coffee or when I only want one cup.  It's easy to adjust the flavor to your own personal taste according to the size mug used and it has a very rich coffee flavor without the "bite."One of my favorite ways to use it: I heat 16 oz. fat free milk to boiling in microwave; add 2 tablespoons of sugar free coffee flavoring (fav is white chocolate, but vanilla and/or caramel is good, too!); and 2 heaping teaspoons of the instant coffee.  This is a really good alternative to Starbucks' more higher priced lattes and I don't have to make a trip to Starbucks to get it!!
It's hard to find a good tasting low acid coffee.Sumatra Mandheling is a wonderful tasting low acid coffeefor anyone who watches acid intake.Hard to locate on the general market, I found this good coffeeat Amazon.
I've been using Minis by Splenda for years.  For some reason they have become impossible to find in the grocery stores where I live, which is why I'm shopping for them here.  Each packet is equivalent to 1/2 packet of Splenda which is why I like the Minis; plus it's impossible to measure out 1/2 a packet. One packet is too much for my morning coffee.  The packaging is also for great for travel.
I really enjoy iced coffee drinks.  I can make an iced drink with a regular coffee K-cup, but I'd much rather make it with the Green Mountain Nantucket Iced K-cup.  I just love the flavor that it has.  I tried the French Vanilla Iced Coffee K-cup, and I thought I'd like it since I love vanilla.  But yuck!  I did not care for that one at all.  My favorite way to prepare the Nantucket Iced Coffee is to brew a 6 ounce size about a half an hour before I leave for work, without ice.  I mix in about 2-3 tsp. sugar, and a few drops of vanilla extract, or the vanilla from Trader Joes that does not have alcohol in it.  I let it cool in the frig for about 20-30 minutes, then I pour it over a 16 oz. size insulated cup full of ice, leaving about an extra inch on top in order to pour on some organic half and half.  The coffee will still be warm when you pour it over the ice, but it will melt the ice just the right amount, but not too much.  Nummy!
My wife has a glass each and every day.This is the best k cup iced coffee we have tried.She likes to chill it in the fridge for a bit after brewing.Very Good!
An excellent coffee lightly flavored with vanilla, caramel and Cafe Maria liquor on lightly roasted beans.  I got the five pound bag which keeps the unused beans very fresh.  I've bought this before and will definitely buy it again.
i love the flavor and taste of these bars.  the multigrain is made up of oats and barley, giving the crust a fresh taste and not crumbly.  the triple berries is a nice blend and there is not one overwhelming flavor between the crust and berries.  150 calories, 29g of carbs.  it is a tasty and filling bar.  highly recommended for a breakfast treat along with a good cup of coffee!
I bought this item based on health reasons, reviews of the product here and all the great information on the internet about the benefits of adding flax seeds to my daily diet.  I also bought a mini coffee grinder just for this product.  At first I tried to chew it, ugh... it takes a lot of hard work, I felt like a cow chewing cud and the flavor is extremely, uh... earthy.  So instead I ground it up in my new coffee grinder and added it to yogurt, YUM... the earthy flavor is gone and a nutty wholesomeness is added to my yogurt.  I add it to everything and it makes a great addition to my healthy diet.  The seeds look fresh, clean and healthy.  They almost looked too perfect with a nice shiny shell.  The freshly ground meal smells very clean and definitely has a nice nutty bite.  There is about more or less a year on the expiration date on the package that I received.  I would recommend this specific product to anyone who wants to add a bit of health to their daily diet.  I'll more likely than not be ordering more of this stuff in the near future at the rate that I've been chowing down on it.
If you are a diabetic and have ever attended a nutrition class for diabetics you probably have heard of this product. We have a whole collection of the different flavors and I have posted a photo of some of the ones we use the most. This is an ideal additive to diabetic cooking, baking of foods or the mixing of drinks. It is sugar free and calorie free and extremely low in sodium.These mixes are ideal for use in coffee, tea drinks, Italian sodas, cocktails, pancakes, waffles, diabetic cakes, over shaved ice and muffins. You can find a lot of diabetic recipes and substitute these flavorings for ingredients that have more sugar and calories. The result is surprisingly good and it will help reduce your sugar and calorie intake while helping you add more flavor to your food.This flavor is good for adding to coffee to get the taste of Kahlua without the added calories, sugar or alcohol. This product adds no calories, no sugar, no carbohydrates and no cholesterol to your coffee.It jazzes up the flavor without adding calories or a lot of salt. It only contains 5 mg of salt. I have attached a photo of the label for your review. You can add more flavoring to suit your taste.Flavorings like these are nice to spice up your low calorie drinks and food and the Da Vinci Gourmet brand is the best we have found. They are internationally recognized as the highest quality flavoring made and one tablespoon = a free food exchange for a diabetic.I strongly recommend this to you as a great product!
Wanted to try a new coffee and this one is great would recommend it to coffee lovers that do not like a strong coffee.
My cousin uses Maxwell House Instant coffee and ran out of it. She was unable to get out of the houseto shop. We live 3000  miles away so I couldn't help her. Fortunately Amazon had it and I sent it out and she received it in 2 days.She was so very happy and grateful to be able to have her coffee.
We have to say, great taste, and a wake up in the morning. Due to our commute each morning we are limited during the work week on how much coffee we can consume before leaving the house during rush hour.  This coffee provides a rich taste, and is not bitter.  If you love the taste of coffee and a quick wake up this coffee is for you.
This has become my favorite coffeee.  It is strong and bold without being bitter. I even make a second cup with the same puck and it is still good.
DARK MAGIC BABY! THIS AIN'T HERON, IT'S COFFEE! AND I DRINK AT LEAST TWO CUPS OF IT A DAY TO KEEP UP WITH ALL THE LITTLE BRATS I GOTTA TAKE CARE OF.... "DADDY, TAKE ME TO KARATE!"  "DADDY, TAKE ME TO BALLET"  "DADDY, WHEN ARE WE GOIN TO COSTCO"  "DADDY, I WANT ICE CREAM"  AGGHHHHHH!!!  IT NEVER ENDS.  RUN FOR YOUR LIFE SINGLE CHILDRENLESS MEN!!  BUT DRINK DARK MAGIC...YOU'LL GET AWAY FASTER!  DADDY.....OUT!
Wow, I am thrilled with this coffee. I received a sample of Barista Prima K-cups and fell in love--tasted like rich, dark coffee you'd get in a coffeehouse. I went onto Amazon to purchase a box and discovered they were at least $1 per cup! I couldn't justify spending $1 per k-cup when I usually drink several cups of coffee each morning. I did a search for extra dark coffee and found these for significantly less.  This coffee is perfect.  Rich, dark, flavorful, not at all bitter.  Smooth and delicious.  If you like dark roasts (French, Italian, etc) and have a k-cup machine, this is the coffee for you.
If you are a Starbucks fan, and like their bold blends, this is a good option.  My Keurig brewer has options to make three sizes of coffee, and I choose the middle option for a good cup of coffee.  I prefer this over Starbucks coffee in the optional KCup "make your own" filter.
I started drinking green tea regularly just in case there was something to the numerous health claims made for drinking it.If you've tried cheap green tea brands and you don't like it, then give this a try.  Spend a little more and get a lot more.  Drink a cup or two less coffee in a day and drink this instead.  It tasts rich, smooth, and authentic.  Go green!
This is a rich, full flavored coffee  If you like a full bodied taste but not too strong this is the one.
My favorite out of all the k-cups! We fell in love with the kuerig in our sunday school class simply for its convenience unfortunately though I honestly am a major coffee lover and somewhat of a coffee snob so when we traded our aeropress (which I recommend 100%, I just want something faster these days)I had a hard time finding a k-cup that was bold enough for me-if you like dark french roasts, you know what Im talking about, well to this day, Ive tried many different k-cups, I even have the eco cup where you can put your own coffee in and nothing matches tulleys french roast...the only one that I would drink besides it is jet fuel but its def still not numero uno like tulleys!
I didn't think I was a Green Mountain Coffee Roasters fan - I usually think their coffee is mediocre, at best - but this is excellent.  I make one cup per "small" Keurig serving - and it's almost an espresso.  I love it, and I am very fussy about coffee.
I've tried several different coffee's and this is the best so far. If you don't like  strong coffee, then this is not for you.
This ought to be sold in vending machines instead of hich is available to us, that is the poisionous crap that is chemically made and slowly is cell damaging  altering our bodies . When will people wake up and smell the green tea. (I am a coffee drinker also)The taste is mild yet very much match a tasting. It is not carbonated or anything just straight up teaI put in the refrigerator  and take on the go. Yes as far as why not make it myself, but I do, this is just fun to show off and be different, and get my healthy enzymes.
Of all the different coffees my wife and I have tried for our Keurig, this is the best.  We both like our coffee strong -- almost always brewing the smaller cup.  This is strong without being harsh -- goes down smoothly.  Extra Bold Dark Diamond, also by Green Mountain, is stronger and I have brewed the larger cup for it.  But it is harsh.
This is a very good blend if you like your coffee strong and dark.  It has a very nice flavor that's a bit earthy and smooth.  The aroma is a "wake up" one for sure and it will bring a smile to your face.  You can't go wrong with Green Mountain anyway.
This has become my favorite coffeee.  It is strong and bold without being bitter. I even make a second cup with the same puck and it is still good.
I love this coffee.  It's always the perfect strength, perfect temperature, and just for me.  I love never having to drink stale or old coffee just so I don't waste what's in the pot.
My husband is a hard man to please when it comes to coffee.  I have tried numerous brands and blends to no avail.  Green Mtn. has hit the nail on the head with it's Dark Magic.  Thank you ever so much.
I have been disappointed by most of the Green Mountain k-cups I've tried but this one is very good.  It's strong and flavorful, holds up to half & half and also makes a great iced coffee.  Not as good as Timothy's Midnight Magic but a very close second.  I would order it again.
If you are a Starbucks fan, and like their bold blends, this is a good option.  My Keurig brewer has options to make three sizes of coffee, and I choose the middle option for a good cup of coffee.  I prefer this over Starbucks coffee in the optional KCup "make your own" filter.
I'm not a coffee drinker and got tired of not having something to drink with a dessert. This tea is perfect with milk and sugar! I feel like a grown up when I drink it. Don't get me wrong I know I could just drink hot chocolate and I do but sometimes depending on what I have it with or when, hot chocolate is too sweet. Which feels hypocritical for me to say because that's how I like it, but only when it is the dessert. So this is my perfect medium. It's like a term I like to use, it's baby bear! We all know the story of Goldie Locks and the three bears. Well coffee is pappa bear's bed, too hard to get over the bitterness. Hot chocolate is mamma bear's bed, too soft or sweet for everyday. This tea is baby bear's bed, just right. Now I'm no Goldie Locks but I'd like to think of myself as that content when I drink this tea. Love it!
I quit drinking coffee 10 years ago.  Stash's Chai Spice Tea (with our without caffeine) has become my favorite substitution.  It's wonderful.  My day would not be complete without it!
Magnum Kona Blend whole bean coffee is fresh, smooth, and full bodied.  Kona beans grown in the Hawaiian Islands are roasted in small batches, therefore ensuring mastery of product and overall flavor.  Intoduced to Kona whole beans on desire to try a Pacific-American Coffee, I was surprised to taste a brew rivaling the best.  Many producers may offer Kona Blends but not as fresh or distinguished as Magnum Kona Blend.
I cannot locate this item in local stores so I was pleased to find it on Amazon.  I ordered one box of the Hazelnut Coffee and enjoy taking a packet to work each morning.  I have now made a second purchase but of the larger order.  Won't be surprised if some of the packets find their way into some Christmas stockings.
great added to your morning coffee!  Doesn't add all the sugar like the regular hot cocoa mix!  Moca low cal
I join others in saying that no other tea stands up to this one.  I'm such a fanatic user that I carry it with me in my purse at all times, so that I can have it anyplace, at any time, simply by ordering hot water. Does it bother anyone else when you go to a gourmet restaurant that they offer you run-of-the-mill tea, and then look at you as though you're crazy when you complain?  Unfortunately the portable teabag idea doesn't work at "gourmet" places where they make hot water by running it through a coffee maker, so that the tea comes out tasting like mutant coffee.  But I digress.  This tea is the best, and I've tried them all.  Don't use boiling water - let it cool down a bit - brew it no more than 3 minutes.  You should have the perfect cup that will sustain you for many hours.  Also makes excellent iced tea, but then brew it a little stronger.
Yorkshire Gold is the finest premiere English tea.  As you watch its golden amber descent into a teacup, complement with just the right amount of milk and perhaps a little sugar, you'll appreciate what our colonial forefathers sacrificed when they chose to promote the United States as an American coffee-drinking nation.  Now that those unpleasantries are behind us, we can reach again across the pond and together enjoy a cuppa!
I'd been a coffee drinker for many years when I made the decision to give it up, but still found I wanted some type of caffeinated beverage in the mornings.  Stumbled across this quite by accident; so, I gave it a try.  I haven't regretted my decision to switch to tea!  This is a strong cup of tea, but much better than the black tea from the local supermarket.
Love it, great with or with out cream, tastes like coffee but good for you, no guilt, anytime of day to warm up
In my opinion,  this is the next best thing to coffee, and since I can't drink coffee because of the caffeine, Teeccino is my beverage of choice.  I've tried many other of their flavors, which are all good, but the Hazelnut is the best.  It tastes so similar to the hazelnut coffee I used to drink, that I don't even miss coffee anymore.  I brew it in a French press for the fullest flavor and add coconut milk for creamy richness.  Sometimes I put it into the refrigerator for a couple of hours for an iced coffee.  Very delicious!!
This must be the best deal anywhere on a real cuppa. I keep expecting the price to fluctuate like gasoline, but Amazon are considerate to us Limeys. The best deal is to subscribe and get it delivered regularly: are you not going to drink it all the time? When I give it to my American friends, I feel a little guilty at getting them hooked: I gave away a few boxes this Christmas to erstwhile coffee drinkers.
I've used several different brands of coffee over the years, and this is my new favorite.  Before this I typically bought Eight O'clock coffee from the grocery store.  I bought a can of Melitta European Roast one time when it was on sale, and now this is the brand I keep stocked in our kitchen.  My husband and I, and many of our friends and family love the taste of this coffee.  It tastes a lot like coffee I've had in Europe - the Melitta is 100% Arabica beans, which is what most European coffees use.  Best of all, the price is very reasonable!
Long Story Short.I get the flu from Co worker - WOW, thought I had flu before but now I totally understand how it can kill infants and old people.The months to follow I slowly got worse and worse with a G/I.  I ended up losing 45 lbs (not trying) and was having a problems getting to work.Every test you can have and all the results are normal.  I don't have a Gluten Allergy according to the tests BUTI started to avoid Gluten and Dairy (and caffeine and gum and hard candy...) having honey with decaf tea and coffee (1cup a day)This Cereal with Silk Milk saved my sanity because I used to live on cereal as a kid and this at least gives me a staple that I can trust and is enjoy to eat as well.(if you have the same deal as me here is highlights)  once you get your routine down and can survive this and... believe it or not, feel better than you ever did before (cuz your not eating all that crap) took me about 1 year to finally get a handle on it.In Short - this cereal is a tool that works keep you happy and healthy.
This has been my go-to coffee bean for the last 2 years.  To say that I've tried many brands and flavors would be an understatement.What I find remarkable about this bean is that it delivers the full flavor of a bold roast without being overly bitter.  Whether you make your coffee on the weak side or crank it up to heart-fluttering strength, the flavor will keep you coming back for more.Another point of significance:  this bean delivers a great flavor whether you use a drip machine, espresso maker, or even an AeroPress.  Some brands/flavors tend to favor a specific prep-method, being great as an espresso-bean but delivering mediocre quality in a drip maker (or vice versa).  The Dark Brazillian manages to play every position on the field - amazing!What more can I say?  If it's my money being spent, I'm spending it on Dark Brazillian by Coffee Bean Direct :)
Since the Wall Street traders sent the coffee futures up 150% in 18 months, I have been on a mission to find a cheap source of good coffee.The cheapest one on Amazon is the 8 O'clock french roast, it's decent, but I wanted to try something better. Even though the 8 O'clock was labeled as "dark roast", it's far from it.That's why I wanted to give this dark Santos a try! The beans are oily and the crema was nice! So far I've been very impressed!
This is great coffee at a good price. I have bought many types of coffees in the last couple of years and this coffee has no bitter,acid or expresso taste. It is a smooth coffee you will enjoy if you give it a try.
Very good, robust, full flavor coffee.  My son, whoprefers an espresso, really liked this blend.  The fivepound bag looked huge, but it is going fast!
I always buy Lavazza coffee. It has such a smooth taste and is a great value for the quality. I use Crema e Gusto with my Bialetti caffettiera and with my Breville espresso/cappuccino maker. I always get a lot of crema when I use this with my Breville machine. I've tried other brands but I always go back to Lavazza.
I have always loved the coffee in Italy and it's the only place where I consistently drink cappuccinos - no bitterness, bite or overwhelming strong flavor, just great coffee.  Until we decided to give this coffee I try, we were unable to duplicate that Italian espresso flavor.  Now we can!  We've given up all of our other gourmet espresso blends and drink only this in our lattes, cappuccinos, mochas and Americanos.  And everyone we've shared this coffee with has done the same!  Try it - I'll be surprised if you're disappointed!
You can't go wrong with this [[ASIN:B001E5E0D8 Lavazza Crema e Gusto Ground Coffee, Italian Espresso, 8.8-Ounce Bricks (Pack of 4).  Nice espresso flavor, naturally sweet and mild.  It's our favorite everyday espresso  for  morning lattes or an occasional Americano, a nice consistent crema.  And really, you can't beat the Subscribe and Save Program!!  We've tried Lavazza Blu (a chocolate taste) and came back to this.After opening the vacuum sealed package, I transfer the ground espresso to a French (clip top)mason jar, and store in the refrigerator as recommended by the company.  I take out just enough for our two shots and put the jar right back into the fridge--it stays tasting fresh to the last cuppa:~)Delicious!!
One taste was all it took for me. I tried Lavazza at a local coffee house in Denver and really enjoyed the taste. No bitterness at all. Very full flavored coffee.I came across this as the word "Crema" caught my eye. Now I am ordering it using the subscribe and save. It is running me $17.41 for every order and that's with free 2 day shipping because of the Prime Membership.Each brick lasts about 10 days for 2 people drinking 6 cups of coffee every morning. I use 1 tablespoon coffee for every 6 ounces of water brewed in a Target Michael Graves design automatic drip coffeemaker. The "Flavor" button really brings it out in this coffee. I love my coffee with half and half and it really seems to compliment it well.The packages are vacuumed sealed and take up very little space. It really is a 5 star coffee.
This coffee is the best tasting and highest-quality you can get for the price.  It's difficult to find in my area's stores and when I can find it, it's very over-priced.  I can't go a morning without my LavAzza!
My husband and I have become K-cup addicts since I bought him the machine for Christmas. This is my favorite flavor so far. I'm not a strong coffee drinker, and I'm a total sweet-tooth. All this needs is a little splenda and some half/half and the result is a creamy, low-carb delightful treat!
I really enjoy this Cinnamon roll coffee.  It's very good.  It's great first thing in the morning. It's a good light to medium blend without a strong taste of cinnamon roll.  Just enough without being to strong.  This is definately my favorite coffee.
This is a cost effective way to have an iced coffee smoothie without the high cost.  It is very delicious.
I moved back to Austin, Texas from London about 8 months ago with my northern Italian husband.  Since we got here we have been drinking nescafe and different espresso brands.  We found a halfway decent can of Lavazza from wholefoods but the starbucks espresso is GROSS!  It tastes burnt.  I discovered the Lavazza Rossa on Amazon, which is my husband's favorite from Italy.  We went through the 4 brick pack in a month!!  Now he refuses to drink any coffee until I get more of this and Amazon seems to be out of stock until the end of the month when our next shipment is due!!  I had to up the shipment to 8 bricks, especially as my Italian mother in law is due to visit for a month.  We make it in the Italian espresso maker on the stove and it tastes WONDERFUL!!
Discovered this coffee while in Milan a few years ago.  This is the best coffee I've ever tasted. We have it on autosubscription!!
I used to buy Tchibo Express coffee and Lavazza Express in a black can at Amazon. But I didn't like the last Tchibo I got, so I decided to try Lavazza Rossa. It's so good, that could not be better. It seems mild but has a rich taste. A cup of this coffee grantees you a pleasant moment every time you have it. Enjoy!
My wife and I have been drinking this coffee for many years, but had difficulty finding it in San Antonio.  Since we are transplanted Canadians (legally), we were importing this coffee from Canada where it is readily available in Super Markets.  Now that we have found it at Amazon.com at a reasonable price, we are buying it there and saving all the hassle of importing.  And with free regular delivery at our preferred intervals, it couldn't get any better.  Thank you.GG & EG
Very good coffee for the price. Tried several others and this is now my favorite. Dark and full flavored. Have only tried the French Roast from this brand.
I made a pot of coffee this morning, half 8 o'clock and half this.  All I can say is OMG!  This is the best coffee I've ever had at home.  The flavor explodes in your mouth and washes over your palate very smoothly.  I will definitely be trying more of Cameron's coffee products.
With the high price of coffee beans these days, and me being an avid coffee drinker, I thought I would take the opportunity to try out some different beans here on Amazon.  I had been an Eight'O Clock Coffee drinker over the last few years, but in addition to their prices starting to rise, I've noticed that the quality of their bean has gone down over the last year.  With that - enter Cameron's Organic French Roast Whole Bean Coffee!  I had never heard of Cameron's before, but am I ever glad that I purchased it - I now have a new coffee for home!Cameron's delivers a high quality French Roast bean.  When you open the bag, you immediately know you are in for a treat.  In addition to the rich smell, the beans are very dark and moist.  You can tell they were roasted perfectly.  They grind into espresso roast nicely with a good grinder.  Finally, they come through the brew in an amazing blend of smooth and silky textures. The taste matches and surpasses the rich smell.  It is bold and impressive.  It will make your mornings so much happier.  Highly recommended!
We purchased a Keurig brewing system early this year, so we've been trying out as many different varieties of coffee as possible. This coffee is -- BAR NONE -- the best of the bunch. It is rich, syrupy and just a bit sweet. My experience, thus far, has been that the K-Cups listed as "extra bold" produce the best cups of coffee, but many of those are only available in dark roasts, while I prefer a medium roast. If you're a fan of a good, old fashioned diner-style cup of coffee (like what you can get if you go to Dunkin Donuts or somewhere like that), then this is the brew for you. We love it and make sure we always have some on hand.
Smooth taste not bitter like some. This is true Italian coffee. Spent some time in Italy and this is what we had.
There is no Starbucks in my town, and this is the next best thing. It beats every other ground coffee on the shelf. Also, I save my empty bags so when I visit a town with a Starbucks, I can get a free cup of coffee! Rewarding responsibility is a great thing.
I am not a huge fan of flavored coffees because 99% of them use natural and ARTIFICIAL flavorings thus they are strong, smelly, and have a bad aftertaste.  This coffee enticed me as it is all natural and the caramel flavoring comes from caramelizing sugar which is subtle yet smoothly delicious as it adds a rich buttery flavor that comes through cup after cup.My mom does not drink anything but Folgers but when she came by for lunch she asked for coffee and I handed her a cup of this blend since I had brewed it for me and she loved it.She even took the remainder of the bag home to enjoy.  That alone impressed me!  I have tried the cinnamon & the vanilla natural fusions and did not like them as much as this one. This is the only one I will buy again to enjoy on chilly fall evenings.
The coffee arrived on time. This coffee makes a fine, mellow cup of coffee; I use a French press to make coffee. I've tried the dark roast and the medium roast; I prefer the medium roast for its richer, more complex flavor. My favorite coffee when I'm treating myself to something special.
I've tried them all pretty much being a huge fan of Kona coffees - This is the best from for sure. Fresh, aromatic, delicious of course and has that special something that I know can only come from Kona/Hawaii, but even among the others from there I've tried there's a little kick (is this why they named it after a horse!?) to my pleasure centers that's special and unique. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED and yum!
Pomegranate is the best tasting out of the Five-Hour Energy drinks.  I have been drinking these for quite some time now.  I only consume approx. half of a bottle and save the rest for later.  I enjoy consuming these during work or before an early morning workout when I may need that extra boost.  No GI side effects, no jitters, no headache.  I have not experienced not one adverse side effect.  The bottle states  that it is equivalent to one cup of coffee, but one cup of coffee would not produce the same amount of clear, pure energy that this drink provides.  Also, no sugar, which is a plus!  Highly recommended.
Everything was in the box and all in date. They added a 10% off coupon for their site and I got the package 6 days ahead of time. I'm assuming most of you are familiar with 5 hr energy but if not its works decently. I have always had low energy that even vitamin B & D supplements couldn't help ( I do still take them to keep my levels in a healthy range). I tried coffee but it messes with my stomach plus it takes to long in the morning. So these shots are perfect in the morning before a workout or going to class. They make you aware and focused instead of completely wired ( for me anyway).
its so delicious smooth n robust a great cup of coffee u wont regreat it if u luv a real cup of strong coffee
this coffee is intense and very yummy!  it has a strong espresso flavor.  i would definitely recommend it and buy it myself again!
I was looking for a really bold coffee to compete with the typical Starbucks brands and this is it!  I love this coffee and think it tastes great!  If you love coffee as much as I do and enjoy a very bold flavor then this is the cup for you!  I have already ordered a box for a neighbor that loved it as well and placed an order for a 2nd box for myself!
This is how I love coffee, full of rich flavor! I drink one of these in the morning and I'm good. If you are not into strong coffee, you may not like, but for those of us who really like that intense coffee flavor, this is the one! It is also very smooth, I normally use cream and sugar but with this one, sometimes I do without, its that good.
I really like to use coconut oil for baking. It produces a much lighter end product than shortening does, and it's much better for you. Also, surprisingly, there's no heavy coconut taste. For health purposes, I also stir a teaspoonful into my coffee in the morning. Nutiva Coconut Extra-Virgin Oil works just fine. My only gripe: unlike with olive oils, as far as I know, there's no such thing as EXTRA virgin coconut oil. It's the same thing as virgin coconut oil. I suppose they label it that way for marketing purposes, but I never like to promote a myth. In any case, Nutiva works in every way that I expect it to, and buying the 54 ounce jar of Nutiva is the most economical way that I have found to buy it.
As someone who likes coffee black at Starbucks and loves Americanos from Starbucks as well, the Tully Italian Roast will do very well for much less money.
This is a great coffee.  This is not in its original packaging.  I will assume this is shipped from bulk as the k-cups are thrown into a shipping box.  The order is for 50 pieces.  I counted the k-cups (only due to the way they were packaged) and the order is short 3 pieces.  The contents were only 47 pieces.  I contacted the seller but got no response.  I will update as this evolves.
The coffee is excellent and the service was too!  So was the price with the cost of Keurig K-Cups rising weekly.
This coffee is one of the best yet! Very flavorful and produces a smooth cup of coffee.
Good stuff!  Almost a buck a cup, but cheaper than buying a cup from the coffee house and I get drink one of my favorite coffees.
I really enjoy this coffee. The City Roast is a great roast for this bean. I find it has a light, bright flavor which I crave in the mornings. I get hints of pepper and lemons. It's very convenient to have the delivery option for this so I don't even have to think about it.
I drink mostly Lungo or Americano with half and half.  Some days I am out of it, this is my backup.  I like the original cappuccino once a while, yet gets too rich for daily consumption.  This is acquired taste;  the more I have this guilt free gourmet foamy coffee drink, the more I enjoy it.
This tea taste is good.Sometimes I add agave to it however not a neccessity.I drink it cold and hot.I find that I really don't want my coffee if I drink it in the morning.I am not sure if it is doing what Dr.Oz said it was good for which was to eat fat cells, I do know that I feel pretty good after drinking it. Good tea, especially if you are wanting off the fifty cup coffee thing a day. Also the seller sent a box of white tea with it, I guess some type of sell, I did not pay extra for it,but they sure have gain themselves a customer with their white tea also, which i believe is suppose to block fat cell(can't remember for sure).It taste good though.
I've had this coffee many times before (purchased at a grocery store), but recently my MIL bought us a Keurig Coffee machine.  My husband and I quickly realized we couldn't afford to keep buying those tasty little K-Cups - so we decided to get a My K-Cup, but splurge on good coffee.We found FogLifter to be a good replacement of our Tully's French Roast K-Cup. We just put two TBS in the My K-Cup & brew two small cups with one pod.  The coffee tastes excellent & I don't feel so guilty for buying because I drink my entire cup (instead of wasting half a pot via a drip machine).If you purchase via subscribe & save, it makes this coffee even more afordable.  I highly recommend this flavor - even when used in a K-Cup.
Eight O Clock coffee is fantastic, and the price is so much better than similar coffee. Especially for whole bean. I'm going to try the French Roast this time. Their hazelnut is great too.
I LOVE Click!  My favorite protein drink by far.  I add a little sugar-free caramel coffee syrup and a few drops coconut extract.  Tastes just like a Samoa.
Love the taste, first off!  I have only tried the vanilla flavor and it has been wonderful.  The idea behind me taking this protein drink is actually two-fold.  The first is to not eliminate but lower my coffee drinking addiciton (i.e. starbucks use ot be a morning ritual!) and also because it has some calories but not too many, I've been using it as a meal replacement for breakfast time.  I'm trying to lose weight, and this is helping me get closer to my goal weight.Since each serving is only 100 calories, you should be prepared for that you will feel hungry about an hour after you drink it.  I started taking Yohimbine Powder, 5 Grams Yohimbine HCL 99% Bulk Powder shortly after starting to drink these shakes, and if you are trying to cut back on calories, I highly recommend some kind of natural appetite suppressant, you have no idea the difference it makes, basically a life-saver for me as I'm what you would call a snacker of snacks!I know some other reviewers have said that stiring the mix works for them but I'm sorry if you really want to enjoy this shake, you need a blender, plain and simple.  I could sit there in my kitchen and stir for an hour and it still won't taste nearly as good compared to blending it for thirty seconds.
After reading about it, I had to try it and do not drink coffee ,after trying the  Espresso flavored Click it is Delicious, I had to try the Vanilla Latte flavor it Delicious to. I mix it with cold water , energizing boost every morning to start the day and at noon time. If you like Espresso flavored Click, you'll love this! Husband loves it all so.
I love, love, love CLICK!!  I drink it hot AND cold!  I make a yummy shake using a 4 oz each of milk and water, and a banana!  It is heavenly!!  One of the best protein drinks on the market.  There are few drinks that are as yummy as CLICK!I am a gastric bypass patient too - CLICK has replaced  my second cup of coffee in the morning :)
This is actually the only protein drink I've tried.  My diet is sorely lacking in protein, and I thought this would be a perfect way to get more... especially since I love iced coffee.  The taste is fabulous, the vitamin & mineral count is good.  After a month of having Click for breakfast, I can really feel a difference in the way my body is functioning.  I would recommend Click to anyone who needs more protein in their diet, and is not worried about the caffeine.
I never write reviews, but made the exception, because I Love it, Love it, Love it. It is Espresso, so it is strong but absoloutely delicious.  If you don't like the unique flavor of good mildly sweet Espresso, may not be for you. I always mix it with ice and blend it for my morning "coffee" and breakfast, so more like an Espresso Milkshake. I'm, addicted.
These are wonderful.I keep a jar of chocolate covered espresso beans on my conference table.  I've bought from many different places with varying quality and consistency, these are hands-down the best I've found.  They keep a constant circulation of people in my office grabbing handfuls and visiting.  It takes only a few days to run through a 2lbs bag.This is a very high quality product.  The consistency of the bean size, the crunch and flavor of the bean, the chocolate coating thickness, the richness and smoothness of the chocolate, the perfect mixture of chocolate to coffee flavor - excellent.One note for the seller, and a caveat for the buy - I'm worried as Texas summer comes that the slow shipping method and small icepack will result in damaged product.  Please look at faster shipping!
Once I tried Illy, everything else tasted just OK.  Truly an excellent coffee flavor - smooth, not bitter of overly strong.  And the price is lower than any store I've check and even better than ordering directly from Illy.  At a price of $13 per can, I was ordering five cans at a time to get free shipping.  I love that I only have to order two at a time and it's delivered to my door!
I received the K-cups on time and in execellant condition. I usually drink coffee, but at night the Hot cocoa is good with a snack, just before bed.
We love this variety box in our house, we subscribe to ensure we never run out.  I use the 'Dark' to make Mocha, my wife loves the 'Peppermint' and i drink the 'Milk' whenever i fancy a hot chocolate.The Dark makes a great mocha, just do half a cup of the Dark Cocoa and half a cup of your favorite coffee, add whipped cream on top, delicious.  Also worth noting, you can try some of the flavored coffees in your Mocha and rustle up some great combos. I am not a fan of flavored coffee, i struggle to drink a cup but as a Mocha, delightful.Drinking the Peppermint or Milk as a hot chocolate, we add a little milk and whipped cream on top, delicious.I highly recommend this variety box if you are considering buying it. :-)
I ordered this for the morning bike riding group and since theres no mess it really helps us out. My first order was for two containers and I just ordered 12 more this should last us until indoor riding comes in october in Wisconsin. Great coffee and now mess its a WIN WIN for us.
This is my husbands favorite coffee for the Keurig. Finally after MONTHS of testing. Perfect cup of coffee every time. Nothing bitter about this cup...
I really liked the Pikes Place Coffee but will not continue buying unless they become more competitive in their pricing.
Ordered coffee for a few months. Now I would not recommend it to my worst enemy. The coffee now has no aroma, is light brown and taste worse than ___________.  (fill in the blank)
